Mar 18, 2018
Bloodborne
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/240383197
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/240387010
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/240387850
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdqMm0qk3VU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXwhKEUJqTk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfcHZp5YYB0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/975463333716545539

[Part I]
hit it I hit the whopper button hit it
oh the whopper button yeah yeah people
still talking about the whopper button
because they should be by the way you
can't you can't play blood-borne online
without PlayStation Plus anymore yeah
well there you go so much for so much
for offline or so much for online mode
oh good day everyone good day welcome
welcome to the stream it took us a
little bit yeah we were having some
issues with the stream you need a lot of
unplugging and re-plugging in things a
lot of turning things off and turning
them back you saved the stream I say I
did I take full responsibility for
saving the stream apparently the the
PlayStation 4 had some kind of copyright
thing checked as most things do the
PlayStation 4 has a HDCP of which I
think stands for high definition
copyright protection yeah and in in your
system settings for your PlayStation 4
you can check or uncheck that and it
needs to be turned on if you are going
to say watch Netflix through your
PlayStation 4 or watch movies through
your PlayStation 4 that needs to be
checked on but at least look at a hat
yeah that's that's Wolverines man here's
the the progression of just tweaking
yeah like I got something I was a happy
with I was I was going for fairly fairly
specifically okay a cross between the
Undertaker and the saint of killers from
preacher oh okay
okay I I wanted that that permanent
grimace I couldn't quite get the
permanent sneer I couldn't quite get
that going on yeah but you know it'll do
he looks great
I think he looks great so in any case
rich had that turned on rich had his
high-definition copyright protection
turned on which meant we could see the
game of the TV but it wasn't showing up
in xsplit so we just had to go in and
turn that off but we figured it out
eventually you know there is a rather
there is a rather cheap and simple
workaround to HDCP yeah as someone who
often needs to obtain video right right
this is a problem this is a problem
before for video professionals sometimes
and the the cheap and easy workaround
for HDCP is actually to get a the
cheapest HDMI splitter that you can yeah
not a not a an HDMI like I'm a cheap one
well well but I'm not talking about like
a multi-channel like well you know
several HDMI signals go in and only one
cable comes out yeah I'm talking about a
splitter where one HDMI signal goes in
and you can put it out to two different
okay okay and that actually completes
the HDCP handshake but then after that
you can do whatever you want with the
signal you could okay you can do
whatever you want
cool cool man little mister anti-piracy
is doing some piracy nah for educational
purposes oftentimes
there is clearly a difference there is
clearly a difference between I'm not
reselling or giving away my copy I have
to use for for critical or educational
purposes and there's nothing wrong with
that that falls under fair use which is
perfectly legal what why blood-borne
again honestly Jack jet it's Jack's
fault don't know any other day yeah yeah
other day I had a great time playing the
other day it was like I like the
blood-borne it's a great fucking game
it's a great game
you like the blood-borne do you like
playing anything else on your
Playstation 4 cuz no as I was messing
around with the cables there is a a
clear and firm layer of dust on top of
your Playstation 4 this is the least
exciting console generation of all time
I mean Nintendo's starting to pump them
numbers up okay okay well I'm excluding
Nintendo Nintendo as always does their
own thing yeah I'm kind of I'm just
regarding that sure sure
I don't know though like so was that
like Xbox 360 and ps3 also felt equal
yes and I need my werewolf concentration
as you know as you know Jack you if I
get killed by the werewolf that's
instant restart
instant restarts I need to get my game
face on get it cuz cuz as you know rich
I did kill the werewolf you did you did
you did kill the werewolf so the
pressures on well I mean do you want to
go back upstairs and just practice your
moves for a little bit fucking warm up
fuck it oh shit you hit four times Jack
I hit him three times three times three
times
oh you made me look like ass like a
bumbling fool oh man
all right is to brightness up to hi I'm
a TV at home it looked a bit dark so I
cranked it up just play a little bit the
other day
and I don't know if it's too bright now
for everybody watching this well what I
can say is xsplit does darken things a
bit right okay actually okay like for
them it's probably perfect okay cuz here
on this TV it's a little bit too bright
there's fine there's no moody atmosphere
you know what but I can check give me
one second here I can absolutely check
whoa
that's where we are yeah kind of looks
great how many can you kill this is the
important number you're setting the bar
now rich because I died to him
embarrassingly
we're gonna it's not a no weapons run
but I think rich wants to see how far he
can get with no weapons that's not a bad
idea that's not that's all I mean that's
always the oh shit it's fine it's fine
settle down settle down
aggressive-aggressive get the help back
get the help back motherfucker nice
nicely done nicely done okay rich has
one more kill than I do so far come on
I'm taking you guys one at a time he's
like his open palm karate strength oh oh
he's got a wide swing man I can't
believe that hit you but bales nicely
done the two down you got two more than
me that's great you did great
I thought that was it I thought that was
it oh there you go and least you are a
beast rich now that you have a little
breather yeah yeah I will say over the
weekend okay I had some time I have
beaten slave Aspire oh nice
it was really good sure what was your
build like it was it was a quasi similar
to your bill this is very shield heavy
it's an effective tactic it's an
effective tactic so I I found I got I
got barricade
yeah which lets you keep your shield I
got impervious which gives you like 40
shield from the get-go huh and then I
got the the card that lets you use any
power or put any power first in your
hand so I put barricades oh yeah
right first and then I'd get impervious
and then I got to bodyslam cards and
then a card to put him back right in
into my shuffle or into my deck so so
basically we just like get that get that
all shield I can then body slam body
slam body it was very very effective
barricade it's good power I'm not gonna
say that yeah sometimes you know if you
have that coming in here if it's first
thing in your hand and you got people
are getting set to do like you know 40
damage to you on that first turn it
hurts because you don't get any shield
from using barricade right and it takes
a fucking boatload of energy to use it
does it does yeah I know and I think I
got lucky with a couple other things I
got that that like you autumn I got the
one of the powers I got automatically
gives you like five shield to start with
that that five reoccuring shield yeah oh
yeah
it's called a plate armor yes plate
armor that's it so like I got that which
gave me a little buff in the beginning
and had a decent sized deck like 26 20
26 or 28 cards so you know not a bad
size deck but oh yes and I also had
metallus which gives you shields after
every turn so like I basically if I
could if I could stand to turns with
anybody
you're getting nothing but shield and
then and then body slams so yeah what
boss what boss did you get Donuts the
chicken time boss time bomb time boss
which is great because usually like for
some reason whenever I get to the boss
it's always that wolf that has two
phases and I can always beat him in the
first phase but all is but lose it right
normally I go get a weapon now but I I
think the challenge it's clear right how
so right so far you have four enemies
beatin barehand barehand it so this is
the challenge absolutely how many
enemies barehanded because no matter
what you'll get a weapon and get to go
through it all
can you get to a troll barehanded
come on wait for that other guy I don't
want to do two at once oh man oh man
rich ooh you're making it look easy
I wish I could play this game I guess
I'm stuck with PC dark souls well on the
PC you get all the Dark Souls man like
it's not just Dark Souls one you get two
and three this one I I mean
Dark Souls one might prove me wrong once
I really get into that as soon as it
comes to the switch no just just you
know just nope I'm saying it might no no
no that group ahead of me oh oh sorry
just nope dark so once I play that I
might get into it a little bit more but
as of right now and I've played a bit of
Dark Souls 2 and a little bit more
forget about that guy you're right he
always wakes up later and then what's
harder this or binding of issac kind of
different Beezus this this can leave you
stuck in areas you know you can be on a
you can be on a boss for you know a few
hours before you figure it out and Isaac
you know it's Isaac's almost like like
piecemeal this where you have shorter
bouts of difficulty spikes but you can
always reset Isaac and get a hole and
you know make it a whole new game
people are people are liking to be
brightness level good good they can
actually see what's going on and I know
you know eggs any sort of post recording
software does that to a game it doesn't
say if I find a weapon am i permitted to
use it a gut reaction richest isn't it
tells me no no all right that's what
that's just my gut you don't have to
follow that I don't think the first
weapon though is it like that's not
until the sewers so you'd have to like
get through some rats and shit and and
I'm saying I'm saying I have a hard time
believing that you're gonna get past
that that which burning in the Town
Square there that's just me though
that's where I would eat it see you
think the witch burnings I'm definitely
going to get all those people and
there's no way to pick them off one by
one
that's fine
you see it's fine did it you did future
famous person it says just started
blood-borne and I'm stuck on the cleric
beast would I be a wuss to summon for
the cleric beast yes you would
which one's the cleric beast the one in
the bridge oh you know you the cleric
beast is is you know a good learning
boss so I I would say try to oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh god before the
power of evidence may Evans rule them
all now you're gonna get murdered by
crew yeah they're not they're just you
know what they're just not fucking worth
it oh yeah yeah
I don't think he could do a whole no
weapons around I can't imagine no I
can't no I can't it just won't happen
I'm not I'm not even gonna try this is
this is just a how far but I mean at
this point you could easily just run to
the cleric beast no no weapons if you if
that's what you want to do just any guys
walking my way there so it's not exactly
what
goodbye
oh just open up the path yeah yeah I
know I I see a lot of people in chat
talking about how they really want to
play this game but don't have a ps4 and
oh jesus oh Jesus I know for a long time
Dark Souls was a console right like it
took them a couple years to get to PC
sevens frequently look at look at
fucking vanquished right and but I know
this is probably also a big selling
point for Sony like Sony really likes
that they have this as an exclusive from
software well that's why I might take
told the PlayStation 5 comes out right
right when they don't give a shit
oh god oh god
Oh
oh my god that's exact just you not the
other one
perfect
and that's right blood-borne is free
right now on PS Plus I call it free Shh
well you know yeah every movie on
netflix is free to watch right I get
what you say but this this is the game
in which you can wait but how else do
you know what's the proper way to say
that and yeah the DLC was was only like
six bucks
I'm sure with all the renewed interest
from from it being a PS Plus game and
the DLC is so worth it by the way I mean
the game is great and the DLC is just
more neat weapons need enemies I can't I
cannot believe you've gotten this far
that door is open that door is open
there's a couple trolls over there but
they can gang up on you
we're not gonna fight grandpa
blunderbuss grandpa blunderbuss might be
able to get just one of their attention
um or hear me out okay
pass them sure sure all son you could
just run away that's fair got open those
doors
that's all that's how you mark
progression in this game what door you
opened where do I want to go where do
you want to go what weapon do you want
like what's your build like what's what
are you hoping for you're gonna try to
use that spear that's over in the sewers
that awesome
that awesome trick spear saw spear as
they call it that's up there I don't
know that I can I don't know that I have
the reach without this to knock it down
oh that's actually a really good point
this one I could be oh oh oh shit oh
shit okay that answers that question
I forgot that latter fix yeah can you
upgrade your fists in this game is the
question the answer to that question is
you can upgrade your general strength I
guess that would count yeah I don't
think there's a way you can actually
fortify your fists right but you can
just you know upgrade your general
strength which I assume would make your
fists stronger
oh just opening doors yeah
no gauntlets what are they they they
have something like ghosts like beasts
claws I think and when your bare fists
you could get that brick of I oh yeah
that's right don't think I'm just like
you can just hold a rock they do have
something yes well if you just hold like
basically a rock and you get a string a
rock to whine okay okay I don't remember
that everybody wants a rock to them oh
the rock I wasn't hanging up with the
string part I was because I was saying a
rock
everybody wants a rock to wind a piece
of string around gotta be something
better to play than blood-borne says
twitch Evan 69 nope blood-borne is a
fantastic game blood-borne is a fucking
fantastic game and I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna stifle Rich's mood he said hey he
said hey man I was thinking bout playing
some blood-borne and I said fuck yeah
what this you played blood-borne
weaponless see how far you get
Coffee need a little coffee you know
what I found recently rich what uh
Yahtzee yeah as a new audiobook yes I
was really excited about that it's uh
it's about it's like it's like a cynical
Harry Potter okay but uh Hermione is is
the main character just like the smart
one
yeah who's not down with any of your
bullshit uh-huh but it's a very cynical
magical world and so far million I mean
obviously I get much like much like his
other book will save the galaxy for food
that I listen to
it's just listening to Yahtzee for hours
but uh that's a selling point and it's
all it really is a selling point this
one is called differently morphus anyone
who was a fan of will save the galaxy
for food or any of his other books so
far it's very good
I'm curious myself jack what does does
this count for the number of enemies I
beat with just my fists have you made it
here so absolutely this absolutely
counts yeah there you go
Oh make sure you hit up that elevator
oh that absolutely counts what kind of
books do you usually read I I generally
stick to kind of sci-fi books I that's
that's usually my my forte sci-fi
post-apocalyptic stuff I've also been
known to enjoy some like out some crime
suspense I love detective stories
detective books are really great the
entire the entire flesh serious I feel
is is wonderful even though it you know
there are high points and low points in
any series but yeah flash I love
generally I like to stick around sci-fi
just because likes
I did get Michelle McNamara's last book
who is the the recently departed wife of
Patton Oswalt oh and she was she was a
true crime writer and her the last book
was finished actually but posts post
mortem is about her so it's it's
supposed to be a very spooky climb and
all the shortcuts feel good about that
yeah yeah you are rocking it I'll get
the thingy up here because it's the
thingy up here there's the thing at that
yeah any specific sci-fi books that you
would strongly recommend wool I've
mentioned this a few times before but
wool by Hugh Howey there's three books
in the wool series but you know start
with wool it's one of the best books I
have read in recent memories just a
fantastic world post-apocalyptic sci-fi
kind of thing
it is as far as I'm concerned it is a
must-read all right do you do you want
to know what overconfidence looks like I
think I'm gonna find out yeah let's see
how far you get man
let's go spelled wool yes whoa like the
fabric
oh god I can't even reach him this might
be a problem I had made the assumption
that I could at least touch him there
you go
oh yeah this is gonna be hard without it
without any sort of range
Oh save your mouth towels for later
this is one for the books if you could
do it though so my clerk to the person
earlier my clerk beasts advice yeah
stay close stay close get behind him
this works better if you have an axe
what born-and-bred the Soul series in
general is designed to punish cowardice
oh that's a good play that's a good way
to put it yeah much shit much like doom
blood-borne wants you to get in there if
you're having trouble in blood-borne the
answer is usually to get aggressive
now
got a bet
oh my god he landed I mean landed right
on there's not much I can do about that
first of all excellent work I can't you
opened up all the doors you beat a troll
empty-handed hold on I got to put my
coffee down nice right thank you you you
thoroughly humiliated me in your
weaponless run way to go yeah usually
you get to you get to the hunters dream
here a lot sooner
you know I'm thinking about doing the
saw blade this time though I love the
axe I just I just love that axe go go
back to the sewers and get that saw
blade I'm telling you it will change
your which is a better saw blade that
saw blade or the starting saw blade eyes
I used the other one for the entire game
the sauce spear okay for the entire like
I would dabble with other weapons but my
first playthrough the game the only
weapon I used was that saw spear and the
starting one is better that's what they
say
this is bullshit I have an insight where
are you do you uh yeah from from running
into the boss oh sure well maybe you
need to pick up a weapon first yes you
know what it's fine it's fine
I have no I know I have no echos to
spend anyways there they're all saying
the the cleaver the saw cleaver is
better this might be a mistake just
because I'm not used to it oh I usually
I use illegal acts once you get into it
it's like as far as trick weapons go it
is so neat alright true and get that
spear man I'm telling you that Spears a
way to go
that's Spears a way to go and for those
asking for for book recommendations
earlier if you're into sci-fi but also
just are looking for a comedy take on it
I really think we'll save the galaxy for
food biopsy is a fantastic I listen to
it but I'm sure it's also a fantastic
read but it is a satirical take on kind
of sci-fi on the sci-fi genre it's it's
it's delightfully punch I'm going to
exhaust all the dialogues that's that's
what you're supposed to do no I don't
know what if anything I miss out on but
we're going to exhaust the dialogue just
undead penguin I have not read ready
play around one rich have you read it
ready player well I have seen enough
snippets like I've seen people post
pages from ready player one and say like
this is the whole book to know that I
don't want to read it time it would it
would infuriate but you know I hear
I mean Spielberg is a really good
director I'm sure he might elevate it I
don't know I'm very curious to actually
assign my weapons yes I've heard good
things
about assigning weapons all right so now
with with the trick weapon try a few
swings and then unsheathing it like yeah
I'm telling you you can use this at
first but go get that soft spear well
Chad thinks this is better fuck the chat
saw steer saw spear hunter pistol is
better for parrying I've heard the
blunderbuss is better for parrying I'm
getting everything in consistent
information from you from you Yahoo's oh
wow
Spielberg has never adapted a trash
novel before though he normally picks
stellar source material he's Spielberg
man he's got a little bit about magic in
him pistol was quicker hmm yeah that
might be worth experimenting with I've
already picked the blunderbuss Fornells
that balloon Davos out on the hunt I'm
very sorry but a blunderbuss is better
for staggering let's that's what I want
to do stagger the patients here in my
clinic must not be exposed to infection
I know that you hunt for us for our town
but I'm sorry
please blunderbuss has a pause before
the parry whereas the pistol is instant
but other people are saying that the
pistol is more unlikely to miss so but
I'm usually what I'm pairing I'm usually
standing pretty damn close to what I'm
shooting at yeah
she'll be fine now what should be fine
anonymous is rich yeah on an old stream
you mentioned you like numberphile yeah
I also enjoy number faster I'll find you
Tokyo Graham oh I just - yeah put that
out there and they they have some fine
videos that numberphile does 0.999
repeating equal one it does but no
matter how many ways but no matter how
many ways I prove it my co-workers don't
believe me
also I beat doom last night doom it up
congratulations
dooba dooba dooba doing what up drew him
it up let's let's get my damn blood
echoes back and kill that mother fucking
beast yeah
kill the Beast
that's a song from Beauty and the Beast
so weird
I usually early game I'm all about the
axe right
the heavy the heavy our two on the axe
is so good for crowd control in these
early sections sure I feel naked right
now jrz not only do i watch captain
disillusion i support him on patreon oh
nice I love despotism yeah she does
convinience he makes fantastic videos
did everyone see his most recent one the
one the one that is a low-key excellent
explanation in history of green screen
but I haven't seen it but my pattern
with YouTube channels is like let them
build up and then watch a bunch of wants
oh sure no quite quite deliciously he
starts a video just trying to like make
fun or you know could do a quick debunk
of something and it turns into a super
in-depth wonderful explanation of how
great screen technology work he's great
he's great
captain dr. jay z's hey guys I'm
wondering if you tried the Friday the
13th the solo mode would it be worth
buying the game note that it wouldn't be
worth it for that well have they updated
the version version I've played yeah it
was just the online with BOTS who are
all kind of stupid I mean it's fun to
get you know fancy kills on the bots cuz
they're dumb so I don't know that I'd
recommend the game if we're just that so
the online mode you're Jason and you
killed dumbots yeah okay that's
essentially what the solo version I saw
was I don't know if they added a name it
fancier mode than that okay
right here
sometimes the camera gets that's a but
you know that's why generally with
bossfights I I don't have the camera
stick to the boss I'm just gonna call
that bullshit yeah you were kind of
outside of his grab at least he waited
for you to heal that was very nice cool
oh it was direct hit it should have been
a stagger
so used to the axe everything's off
everything's off rich you you've got
this far just with your fists um I I
believe that you can learn a new weapon
Hubb G or fortnight's there you go there
you go
I think they both have their ups and
downs
clumsy or fortnight actually I got
invited to play fortnight gets a little
bit of an edge just because of the sheer
amount of systems it is on and therefore
the pool of possible players is higher
pub G is rolling out to mobile era
fortnight is Bob's gonna laugh no no for
jihun hope fortnight is on that's just
hysterical fortnight is on iOS devices
I've been playing it it doesn't work
great but it's not terrible it's not as
terrible as you would think it is so
this is how you beat the Claire Fisher
just you know stay behind him and stay
close I didn't I wasn't even paying
attention
yeah did great rich did great pub pub G
is on Android in China apparently
but but this long thing is fortnight is
is now on iOS devices and and so any
multiplayer game is only as good as the
other people you play with and you know
a good multiplayer game will have the
largest possible amount of people to
play with at any given time so you can
you know be matched hopefully so with
iOS players got rich now just playing a
player there you go just playing bricks
shit well go go upgrade you just
defeated the Beast
go upgrade yes 6000 that's not gonna get
me that's not gonna give me enough to be
worth an early game it is yeah and
that's all that's it's nothing
yes it's nothing jack that's all right
follow me goofy werewolf's did you kill
that guy in there yeah I came through
her together back oh right you cheese
and mother hubbard why not I love it no
I love it
cheese away my friend cheese away I've
been playing a little fortnight on
mobile just to test it out because I
think it's it's neat like how fun is it
that you could just you know hop on your
on your iPhone and play a little
fortnight at any time play a a massively
multiplayer third-person shooter at any
time I think that's that's a neat
concept there can it controls a little
wonky apparently they're going to roll
out controller support you know so you
can use a controller on your iOS device
and more importantly you can choose what
other consoles you play against so you
can tick the don't match me with PC
player oh god I got an iPhone 6 will it
run the game it will I like I think I
have a what's my iPhone I think I have
like the 5 something and and it runs it
runs just fine if you have a 6 episode I
tried it on my phone and I tried it down
on an iPad and and it runs relatively
smooth which is shocking it's fun it's
fun and it's neat I would say I probably
enjoy the simplicity of pubsey a little
bit
fortnight has a has a whole building in
the camp where you can knock down walls
build ramps and build walls you can like
build a little forts for yourself which
is neat but it adds another layer of
shit of complication and you know pub G
is is a little simpler also I feel like
the pub G map is bigger and I like that
I'm reading tips pros tick I'm reading
them I'm also having a conversation
about fucking videogames settle down
I'll read the things
you prefer the smaller maps of the
fortnight you know I I think there's
pros and cons to both
and it's just fun that they both exist
though my boys my boys came into my
office as I was playing fortnight and
they were they were looking at it for a
bit nago
why does pub G look so very perceptive
they're very perceptive they're very
perceptive children and I was like oh
this is a different game it's called
fortnight and they're like oh oh well
what are you doing this game you know
cuz they they saw me when I was on the
bus above the map yeah so what are you
doing this game I was like oh it's a lot
like Club G you know it's me with a
bunch of other real people do them all
we gotta you know hide collective stuff
and they're like like the you know they
they there there's just nothing to
understand like grasp the idea of like
not stealing other people's ideas
copyrights do that kind of stuff right
right like can you do that can you just
make a game that's exactly like another
game that's like yeah yeah kind of
so and some conservatives were born is
it function yes to what your brain
Metroidvania comes to mind oh yeah yeah
no there's there's a lot of games like
that but you know they're just finally
reaching that age where they're under
they're grasping kind of AB these kind
of abstract ideas is it weird that the
first castlevania game is not a
Metroidvania style game I I wonder how
Vania got tagged on to Metroid I guess
Castlevania 2 was a little a little
reach ready right didn't you have to you
kind of had to go back for different
yams and Castlevania to say but Metroid
came up before then yeah yeah should
just be Metroid style agreed agree but
like how how great for Castlevania it
got tagged on to a genre without even
trying
it's a good guy go Oh
oh wow you move separately from the
others fucking beautiful I know you like
your you like your big windup the spin
easy yeah I miss that so much that's
that's normally how I would deal with
this situation still dealing still
dealing just fine look at that dealt
with
Delta all right where are we
gobbledygook says I see you're enjoying
another great stream of blood-borne I've
been trying this award-winning superhero
fighting game it's called Transformers
forged to fight on smartphones and it's
free you fucks ok changing it up a
little bit
changing it up captain president I did
finish Jessica Jones yes and I stick
with my early assessment that it is
fantastic I very much enjoyed it I feel
it does a better job than any of the
other Marvel Netflix show and actually
trying to say something in the superhero
genre it has it has a it has a thesis
statement that it's trying to get out
and I've digs it and digs it but I know
I know I don't have to fight this guy
yeah but why wouldn't I want to because
you have 9,000 blood echoes that's
nothing
Oh nope nope
that should've worked
there you go
there you go bravery that's what you got
to do he's charging at you with a giant
eggs every time you shoot him yep
Jessica Jones season 2 didn't have a
compelling villain like season Ones
kilgrave I will agree with you there I
talked about this a little bit last
stream or last week or whenever which is
the season 1 of Jessica's life what died
you missed oh did you kill the dogs over
yeah season 1 of Jessica Jones we got a
we got a gimme of kilgrave who you know
wonderfully played great villain and
more importantly it turns season 1 into
a bit of a revenge story so so that gave
it a little more visceral feeling that
gave it it like kind of a its own
momentum we got that revenge story
season 2 it's not as visceral but I feel
like it's doing a better job of actually
saying something in the subtext and I
dug that I dug what it was trying to say
I think it was a a ambitious thing for
the series to do and and I dug it I dug
did a lot yes ruthless donut II season 1
is far more primal than season 2 that's
a that's a good way to put it
no thanks
so yeah I still think I still like both
seasons I think I think Jessica Jones is
my favorite of the Marvel episodes I say
that a little tentatively because
daredevil season 1 is so fucking good
and the first half of season 2 is really
good as well
you idiot did he fall down to the rats
and that's gonna make a pain the ass
deal with though I don't like that
unqualified bard no that wasn't what the
subtext was I don't want to give too
much away because I know it's still
relatively new button you know obviously
we're dealing we're dealing with some
abusive relationships some addiction
issues some jealousy issues some thank
you
just takes for shopping rich you can get
there you did it you did
I think Punisher was pretty weak guys
and Punisher is fairly weak sauce which
did you end up watching Punisher oh I'll
get around to it implies no well I I
understand the implication but you made
it seem like that was a bad room
it sounds like they tried to make him a
girl that's that's not what I want out
of the Punisher yeah I think I I think
it was pretty man it was pretty tame it
was a far tamer than I would have liked
it to be I kind of just want the
Punisher to be a cold blooded
remorseless killing machine no totally
fair totally fair
not any good reason to kill these rats
those words yeah just the just the
echoes and do you get throwing knives
but not
Oh hurry up
stupid rat commits e'en 1:20 says hey
guys just wondering if you think horizon
zero dawn is more slash less of a system
seller than less less i and you guys
know I enjoy horizons they're done but
blood-borne is the system selling this
game right here is word a ps4 if you
have disposable income obviously where
are we also why if you need a why also
if you need a partner or human shield
for blood-borne I'm your man thanks guys
while I think horizon zero dawn is very
good game I think you can find
comparable games on other platforms
which are free for example fairly
similar to horizon zero dawn yeah in
basic mechanic II stuff
alright obviously the stories are very
different Witcher 3 is significantly low
not job for him to see him he might be
stuck in a wall
nobody's not stuck at all GZ not stuck
fine got that time ago I do love for us
I love horizons they're done I had a
great time playing that game and I fully
wholly recommend that game just to games
he loves and you're asking him which one
he loves more and the answer is bloody
answers without a doubt without a
moment's hesitation bloodline yeah and
and I'm so I'm trying to elaborate on
that which is I think you can find games
similar to horizon via horizon zero dawn
and I think he will have a harder time
finding names similar to blood-borne
even though obviously like there's darks
there's all the Dark Soul series but I
don't even think the Dark Soul series
compares to how much I love love line
flipside er puts it very well here he
says Whichard prices are down a similar
and overall game structure like most
available yes that's a good way to put
it but I mean that that being said
planning out your attack to fight giant
robot dinosaurs is pretty fucking
awesome and if you're buying a ps4 play
blood-borne you might as well get
horizon zero dawn you know it's right
there this is right there you can play
it fucking give me fucking mouse
controls and then I'll be a little bit
more a little bit more gaga over this
horizon and head up that ladder rich and
get that get that saw spear me that saw
Spears Spears fine no go get the sauce
Peter I like it why will I like it more
because it's awesome this one looks
better much better
I'm killing monsters I want to look cool
while I'm doing that start with the
sauce fear you get to poke buns know
what poke I want um buddies I want a
swipe you want to swallow us right well
you can swipe what a wide attack Jack
but it has the pole I don't care about
the stupid pole you don't care about the
don't care about the pole come on come
on in kill the pig
pigs got a badge pigs got a bad what
that pigs hunter badge oh then I got to
talk to Eileen and then I will trade in
my blood echoes and then we're gonna
fight father he's got a father gascoigne
got the kiss groin man and then I'm
gonna decimate the blood beast yay yeah
you're kind of rocking this I'm not
saying that surprised I'm just saying
I'm saying that delay you're you're on a
rampage and I think that's great
well I was practicing the other night I
was pulling up fragged and saying I was
playing at the other night cuz I wanted
to play it and that's why I still want
to play it sure you were that's why
here's functionally how it works I'm
gonna try to say I'm so gonna naturalize
I'll play this in like two years I
picked it up although oh it's great yeah
that's what not trying to be an ass we
are playing offline rich I don't have
any need for PlayStation Plus you know
long guys appears plus member so we
actually just can't play off yeah for
anyone asking about playing online with
us I don't want you jokes cramping my
style
all right what do we got here we got
whiskey strikeout says watching rich
Evans play this game is like watching
the pros play vibing I just feel so damn
inadequate keep being awesome and just
because it's blood-borne lol fuck Mike
you know this is just one of those games
once once you once you figure out the
blood borns flow it gets a lot simpler
obviously it's still very difficult game
but I think that's that's the biggest
difficulty hurdle is just figuring out
the flow of the game
who wants to pissed a pig
aah squealing pig oh you are a pig I get
it all right all right off to the crow
you're not gonna get you're not gonna
get the sauce beer just even try it out
oh I suppose it by the crotch you're
going you're going to the crop the sauce
beers buying across why do you care
about this so much that was my weapon
that was my weapon of choice and I feel
like you're you're being dismissive and
I just want you to I just want you to
try it out that's because I'm being
dismissive yeah so it's like it's it's
like it that it would be like if you
didn't like a movie I like I take a
person
we're gonna kill those rats now let over
him sure
kill him
I've not seen anihilation yet
I was hoping to see it this weekend and
did not get around to it on for town but
I will see it I want to see it I'm
excited to see it I have no fresh camera
talk to talk about I'm sorry I know
everyone's excited to hear more camera
talk but I just have nothing new to talk
about
house is not
ah there you are
something climb stairs our life reader
yeah that was almost real bad you do
climb stairs or there's a second my
favorite natalie portman movie is
probably Black Swan enjoy Black Swan
whoa you did it rich you did it
let's see what we got here Dan a
dandelion Huber says hey guys my
eyebrows recently fell out from an
illness oh and just a few days ago I was
in an accident and now have bad facial
cuts which will stop what should my
super villain name be PS and a girl so
no eyebrows and bad facial scars
hmm bad facial scars garlotte Scarlett I
know that's a little on the nose some
fashion plates it's got a plate pun it's
got a plate pun I don't know I don't
know my plate fashion plates like this
sounds like the origin of disgruntled
supermodel oh sure like we're changing
your backstory a little bit at one point
you were a supermodel and you got into a
badass yeah yeah face got rekt this is
uh this is a fucking what's-his-name the
The Fight Club guy it's when his books
yeah it's uh invisible monsters is the
name of the book I could remember the
netbook yeah it was one of his Chuck
cover girl
Oh cover girl that's a great one the
runway the runaway what's his name Chuck
Palahniuk Thank You Chuck pull
visible monsters which will be the most
infuriating book you ever read until you
hit about the halfway point then it will
turn into the best book you've ever read
which one invisible monsters okay I I
think I started and stopped that book
eighteen times because the first third
of it is just unbearable no you like the
structure is all off you don't
understand who the characters are and
you don't understand that the story's
going but eventually it hits a point
where it turns into the bests book I
love invisible monsters you're right
animal blood sauce I got I got to talk
to Eileen person look we've almost
killed everybody up the Father Garcia
yeah I'm a very little danger right now
yeah he's kind of rocking it he's gonna
go talk to the crow he's gonna pick up
the saw spear I grab whatever is in that
body too
sure it's something cool don't
accidentally aggravate Eileen the crow
so I'm putting away my weapons outside
and tonight I could never kill Eileen
the crow to welcome then you want to not
until you have to spoiler alert you
don't you don't don't you have to know
Darren oh you only have to if you want
her her swords there's another way to
get it but it's far more difficult than
just killing her oh you know if you
follow her quest line yeah you get her
badge
but how do you get her sword you buy
them after you oh I think I just killed
her and took her so her swords are
awesome by the way like the twin little
little size looking sword yeah yeah what
are you still doing here
I don't know but fate is ambiguous if
you do her questline I know if you
really know what happens to him here can
you kill her right now and get her
swords right now it's a fight and I
don't want to do it oh I'm just I'm just
asking yeah yeah you could just get her
sorry I don't know that you get her
swords but I think you get the thing
that unlocks them in the shop sure okay
okay I'm with you interesting
thanks the 17 PMA the new best of the
worst was a pretty good one but the good
one indeed a lot of good times
I mean partners what else do you need to
know
Oh God Oh God nice thank you had
downstair strats yeah yeah mad head
downstairs friends that the rats Jack
wasn't drunk enough though yeah I don't
think I I think any if I was any amount
of drunk while watching partners it
would have turned into incomprehensible
gibberish because partners is nuts on
its own
she kind of hate fighting rats they're
always a pain in the ass yeah they're
not the hardest enemies they just move
kind of erratically they do good they do
really good damage and it's lots of
multiple tiny hits so there's not
there's not much opportunity to recover
sure from them to get health back
I think alcohol is the prerequisite to
enjoy partners no no no partners is
glorious all on its own
ten out of ten would recommend ghostie
Partners Inc Partners is is a magic that
ever everyone who likes bad movies needs
to see partners you will be utterly
shocked by the amount of things that are
out of focus I don't know if we did it
like a good enough job in conveying how
out of focus the entire movie is or in
other words the entire movie is not a
fun the entire movie is out of focus
people yes us beer sauce beer sauce beer
do it fucking do it
it's got more stats all around it's all
around were stats all around were stats
not just a little bit you can always
equip the other
yeah there's a lot of the same stuff I
do
mondo one like swing that's fair I like
the swing jack that's bad I like the
swing the these I will say the sauce
beer is he is key part of my cheese
father guests own strategy I don't need
to choose him that's just a fun fight
that's I'm saying I don't beers he to my
friend I wouldn't want the cheese father
gascoigne as I am told he is called yeah
what's the quickest route yeah you're
probably on the way cuz right outside
there is the trolls and on the other
side of that is yeah I got a time I
guess I got to talk to the old lady
anyway oh you can send it to the to the
clinic if you want it but I'd uh
Brina Scott has a question for you rich
yeah choose one vanquish your
blood-borne okay Boudreaux says I just
beat slay this fire with ironclad holy
fucking shit thirty five hours in the
last two days saw cleaver loses its
serrated bonus when transformed sauce
spear does not some more bloodletting
that might be points in favor of the
sauce Spears favor favor I gotta I gotta
make this decision soon you do one of
these two weapons I'm going to have a
mom have to I'm going to upgrade right
but not bowler they'll be able to
upgrade both
Goderich don't die to a dog I'm so close
if friends are getting it just for that
I think free blood echoes right there Oh
big ol with big ol with it's five days
tired and says says have either of you
guys watched Joe Dante's trailers from
hell YouTube channel no it's a fantastic
source of movie reviews from Dante's and
that's good to know thank you
that's what's what's the consensus spear
or cleaver and what I want a consensus
damn it
no one really Wow it's split it's split
Balcom wait
fuck
what bill do I want Ludvig holy blade
trade charged r2 followed by a normal
artery after you of blood and I will
channel them into your strength you will
hamby's and I will be here for you to
embolden your sickly spirit did you
speak with chairman he was a hunter a
long long ago but now serves only to
advise them
he is obscure unseen in the Dreaming
world still he stays here
in this dream
there you go check what what talking to
the doll no inhabitants oh you got there
you get that saw spear yeah well try it
we'll try it like yourself I I picked up
other weapons my entire playthrough but
always always always I had the saw spear
with me okay my my play for my personal
play for my first playthrough little
winded has become your strength even in
the Lord the cleaver is an upgraded
sauce here in the lore look I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna use this thing for
long I'm just not right
oh there's so many weapons in the game
right
what is the story of blood-borne have
fun killing monsters motherfucker you
know there's monsters you hunt monsters
some stuff about the moon and blood
it's then you are the monster I think
it's it's kind it's complicated
that you know the great thing about the
story of blood-borne is it's less I
don't even know if I would call it a
story then I would call it a world
there's no there's no start and end to
blood-borne you just discover more about
the world of blood-borne it is just an
entity that exists and you're rolling
around in it man
the the actual game has no like save
save the princess from the ant monster
you know it's it's a whole different
thing this story has the story and it's
complex as fuck yes this thing though I
just don't care
write it the story doesn't shove itself
in your face how's that
the story is anything with a red thing
over their head dies boom doot-doot
doot-doot
where were we now the latchkey kid says
hey guys just finished my Greatest Hits
rewatch of next-gen I still think the
finale is the best ever for a TV show
really damn good it's a shame they
ruined it with the movies yeah well
luckily I think they'll be they'll
probably be a whole generation of people
who just watch the show and don't care
about the movies and so they'll just be
happy
nothing nothing the movie any of the
movies did will ever top but card
joining the poker game for the first
time yeah that's such a simple thing
it's the perfect ending to T and G cards
joining the poker game it's the greatest
you hadn't done it before run through
the ages
beautiful no neither richer I have
played a ps4 pro nope I have I have a PC
and my current PlayStation 4 is only
good for blood-borne I am not
exaggerating the amount of dust on
Rich's ps4
the amount of dust on Ritchie's ps4
almost looks like he did it on purpose
- like ages you know like if I'd say
rich like we're gonna we're gonna shoot
a video I need you two to age your ps4
to make it look like you haven't played
it in a long time can you do that that's
how it looks right now it looks like it
was done that on purpose it's beautiful
like if you have a gaming PC and I
definitely do I don't I don't know what
the purpose of a PlayStation Pro is I
have no idea it's kind of powerful like
kind of a middling computer you can't
use a mouse oh that's it oh oh my god
uploaded to Twitter check check white
part of it off oh I did I I wasn't
thinking because in my head I was
fiddling with it to get the stream
started I had so much dust on it that I
wiped a bit of it off so yeah it's not
it doesn't look as spectacular now no no
I know you know the the frame rates are
better you get HDR you get 4k with the
ps4 Pro button
Oh what happened there he shot behind or
he could shut towards the camera
yeah rather than at the monsters what
happened it was very straight
is there another monster no who was that
that's corpse of the monster I killed a
monster there there's two monsters there
what oh that's just a corpse that's all
I saw the two corpses and I thought
those were two months two corpses but
then I saw the third month the third
corpse I I'm with it I use okay it's
everything's fine
everything's gonna be fine and going
into a battle unprepared it's not very
smart that's what you do you you're
gonna use the the toy the tiny music box
I'm not I'm not used to fighting them
with a soft spear this fight can go very
bad sure the latchkey kid I did not read
the question in your tip because you're
asking us to guess about another
person's likes or dislikes and we can't
answer it so I just chose to omit it
Star Trek movie here which series should
I start with next tune yeah next chance
fine cos isn't bad either I wouldn't
start with Deep Space nine or any of the
others next gen you you might think that
the original series has aged horribly I
wouldn't blame anybody for thinking that
so I think TNG and I would say season 3
that's what I always say
rather than season one cuz season 1 of T
and G is pretty bad and season 2 is
pretty spotty great episodes and some
horrible ones
stop shooting the wrong people that's a
yeah that's happened a couple times it's
very strange
what do you have inverted done rich that
didn't work out so well
first try man rich I'm killing it you
hear it your goddamn killing it
oh man just killing it
I think rich might be a bit better than
Jack which is definitely performing
better than I did
that being said according to rich he he
was warming up I don't write a good day
warmup you know he had a warm-up at home
and you were seeing me warm up and I
don't feel like I did that bad but this
is great no rich is murdering it
absolutely and I mean you know I think
choosing the Saskia really helps with
that what happened to Diddy Kong Racing
I ordered another copy another

[Part II]
what happened to Diddy Kong Racing I
ordered another copy another copy of
Diddy Kong Racing is coming to me right
now as we speak and I will play Diddy
Kong Racing extreme xk & m.i I have
beaten the blood-borne DLC rich have you
played I haven't beaten blob are DLC no
but you played yeah yeah it's pretty
it's fucking great and shat there is an
explanation for why Star Trek aliens
just look like humans with forehead
bumps there actually is some orders you
just watch through the TNG you'll see
the episode there's an episode about it
oh yeah yeah you know this you mean
there's an explanation besides that was
easiest for the actors or well that's
the real-life explanation you know you
can't you can't do goofy and same things
every episode on a TV budget but you're
saying there's an in-universe
explanation for this I did not
well I'm sure I've seen it but I don't I
don't remember I don't remember that I
did not retain that knowledge archeology
episode where they find some ancient
stuff okay there's information like
buried their DNA and they got a good DNA
from various places and eventually this
it's for for card gets the curl in this
car I think it's I think it's that
episode okay and they find out that all
life is we know it in the galaxy was
seeded by one ancient race
millennia or many many millennia ago
Jesus they were they only they were the
only life they could find and they were
lonely so they just wanted to see the
planets we would all come together
someday and discover our origins but
they were all fighting with each other
because they couldn't come together
I guess but that's why everyone is
vaguely human that's why everyone is
vaguely humanoid ok that's a decent
explanation what do you guys think of
Netflix bullshit of advertising movies
saying like it's the best action movie
scares movie funniest movies do you guys
believe in this you shouldn't believe
anything you hear it's like that sounds
like a a clearly hyperbolic statement
it's advertising
you've discovered advertising like they
can quote one person saying it's the
best movie ever but who cares of that
person let's let's talk to the people we
need to talk to get him there get it on
search to get all that that shit going
on the church then I'm gonna take apart
that fucking blood starve beast and we
can put this side-by-side with that
fucking a stream first time it's lated
where he was kicking my ass every single
time and this is gonna be my fuck you to
the blood starve beast alright alright
that's that's what tonight is gonna be
fuck you to the blood starve Beast took
me eight years of training but I am here
now to say you don't control me any
special conditions for this run or is it
just casual
cash super cash though to be fair rich
made it all the way to the the
the cleric beast weaponless that's
pretty cool I mean hello splendid
let me ask you a small kindness you're
soon off to hunt I presume then if you
find any survivors tell them to seek
your self cos clinic oh we know what's
up with you a sip scoff yeah yet human I
will look after them no sure you go that
alien goop monster what is the best
condiment cheese Mayo ma'am yeah I can
be with Mayo Mayo is perfect and
delicious
Jack sounds so drunk I'm drunk on coffee
Mayo's like somewhere in between butter
and sour cream all right yeah cuz like
all a at Mayo is is eggs and oil right
gorgeous Mayo's wonderful that's a curse
but true rich yeah I know
okay doobie sandwiches hey R&J; I've been
a beast cutter user for all my
blood-borne playthroughs it's the best
weapon ever I don't remember which one
that is these kind of stuff and I had
and had I overlooked the advantages of
other weapons in the game how can any
best the whip sort I I can't use the
width or I'll tell you that I've never
been any good with it that's III don't
understand why so many people like the
whip sword I don't get it I think I'm
actually gonna start over I just started
over but I'm gonna start over again
because I was just kind of haphazardly
putting my character together it wasn't
really concerned about a build but then
as soon as I got the hammer I realized
that I was I did not have a
strength-based character so I think I'm
gonna start over again and go full
strength based and try to do an entire
playthrough with just the hammer for
everything just see if I can do that
because I think that'd be all you've
always heavy big dumb smash the bad guys
the beast cutter is the big smashing
whip at the start of the deal so the
pizza cutter no another pizza cutter
that's great though that fucking weapon
is great the big smashing whipped they
say
so you think him say the lady depress
the girl was my next two objectives okay
yes same lady and depress the girl oh I
found you dad
found him did I remember to grab the
thing from the mother I might have to go
back and get that rich yes a seek a
nipple what is your favorite Mel Brooks
film favorite Mel Brooks thing don't
know that I have a favorite I'm sorry
name a Mel Brooks film that you enjoy a
Blazing Saddles and history records part
one is also a cancer that is also the
correct answer really anything but
Dracula dead and loving it and you're
good yeah yeah I wasn't too big on the
Robin Hood one either
oh it's moments men in tights yeah dad
it's moments where men manly men man in
tights tights that's great that's great
Young Frankenstein also a correct answer
the Elephant Man does not count as he
just produced that by that standard
you're throwing the fly in a pen oh he
produced the fly I believe he produced
the the thinking of the modern one the
the the Cronenberg yeah that man is a
national treasure Mel Brooks there's a
there's a great like behind the scene
featurette on the Elephant Man and it's
with Mel Brooks and talking about like
early early on in the film and how he
had to fight the studio to keep his name
off of it high anxiety yes just about
everything just about everything Belle
Berg has done has been gold yes and III
know he did the original producers I
haven't seen it really yeah
oh you should see it I know I should I'm
sorry I mean no that's fine it's great
but but early on when they were making
the Alpha mania David Lynch film about a
person with a weird body deformity Mel
Brooks just wanted the story told so he
produced it and the studio in their
infinite wisdom wanted to put Mel
Brooks's name right out in the front of
it because Mel Brooks is the big day
yeah I'm gonna ruin the flying the
Elephant Man yeah either way either way
they're not confident all right right
and so like in in the behind-the-scenes
featurette Mel Brooks is like telling
the story I was like no I had to fight
to get my name off of this movie he was
absolutely right that's how little the
studio understood marketing movie
that's true steel alloy says you can
smash the brooch for a bludger rather
than giving also work you hated history
of the world part 1 ah you know I love
it that's a great mother I love it it's
a great moment lots of lots of great
bits I don't think I cared that much for
silent movie it's been a while since
I've seen you've made a silent movie
right been a while there's actually it's
not entirely a silent movie there's one
there's one word in the whole movie oh
yeah you know no it's been a while I
have known you know Marcel Marceau is
the old comedian no Marshall Martha a
world-famous mime has the only line of
dialogue in silent movie that's too
clever to cover the silent movie gets
points for that alone sure sure
I'm big dumb yeah where are you going
never wrong wait I'm going the wrong way
yeah that's what girl is up here huh
the girl was that here you gonna go talk
to the girls yeah oh yeah yeah then
you're going way the wrong way
Yeah right it's just right up here I
just started going the wrong way here he
turned around my ears away rich just
years I say spoilers the movie is I
think over 40 years old the movie is
older than rich or I well out of
spoilers territory it might not be quite
that I'm not sure what year it was but
it's fucking old yeah silent movie if
there is a spoiler window we are outside
of it
hello mr. hunt down anonymous says hey
Jack I believe you asked once about
music that's so bad it's good I didn't
but the chap did and I highly recommend
the Shaggs read their backstory on wiki
and listen to their only album on
YouTube it's great well thank you
anonymous you know we've talked before
about other stuff and other artistic
mediums that are so bad it's good but
you know even stuff like rebecca black's
a friday that's so bad it's good song
route thing over here probably
tired and sad said in his November
review of Justice League Kevin Smith
enthusiastically and on ironically she's
a fanboy I don't know what you're gonna
say but I know what you're going to say
and he's a fanboy the worst fanboy I'm
not gonna read the rest of it right now
just so we can talk about that there are
people out there who will love anything
as long as it has their brand name right
they like that logo
yeah they cheer for their logo and he's
the worst so he enthusiastically and uh
nayana Klee sheared for Warner Brothers
to make short films of DC characters
just fighting Mike is more right than he
thinks they do that on YouTube already
like though there's a million fan made
vs. stuff and animated verses and Kevin
Kevin Smith almost just died doing
stand-up was he doing some kind of
stand-up when he had his heart attack he
doesn't do like see there's like talking
events I don't know if that's because I
gotta say okay I really don't wish him
ill-will yeah but if he were if it just
in the off chance he were doing stand-up
when he had his heart attack it's a damn
shame he didn't die cuz then he could
have he could have literally died on
stage and if you're a comedian that's
how you want to go out how you want to
go out the open the ultimate pun I mean
the ultimate pun I yeah
oh no that's fun rich started that by
saying no ill-will right come on the
doke just a dog I'm not going to listen
to clown core music I don't know what it
is what's the pun he died on stage what
a comedian bombs they'll say he died on
stage if his jokes just don't go over
yeah it's a thing I died out there yeah
and by the way these two separate things
if if you died on stage then you did
poorly but you could also kill on stage
then that's doing very well yeah two
different things died and kill so if he
died on stage while doing stand-up the
pun is you know oh he died oh he's dying
up there oh my god he's dying up there
yeah what's the guy from Seinfeld
Richard good Kramer and over trimmer
Richard Kramer killed on stage his
career that's a great day what the fuck
is his last name I can't remember and
that's part of the he's flavor just
Kramer Michael Richard that's it
hi lip please just die a little bit he
was awesome in UHF that's true that is
very true
there are two things he will be
remembered for and that is not one of
them Michael Richards no there are there
are two things he will be remembered for
and that is one of them uhf no he will
not be remembered that's what I'm
talking about
no he won't be I don't think he'll be
with him no no of course not
no he'll be remembered for Seinfeld and
Ferrand for saying the n-word on stage
yes those are the two things he will be
remembered for even people who remember
UHF barely remember that he was
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo where are we in this
purple space bazooka says greetings from
New Zealand where I'm watching you guys
at 1:00 p.m. in the future yeah here on
business but enjoying watching you guys
blood boring it up that PS thanks for
tuning turning me in on to slay the
spire heck yeah slay the spire
blood-borne New Zealand everybody's
having a great time all the things too
many bullshit too AM a name this is the
first we're hearing that the game is too
loud that was a rather loud section but
that is the first I'm hearing that the
game was too loud which got bricked
I agree which do you got yes a restart
we start the whole game it's my first
arm debt yeah
it's not that loud okay great listen use
it usually if it's if it's just oh my
god what's not bad
wait did you just knock him back I
thought you wanted the whole game with
this weapon I did I don't think I've
knocked anyone back like that
how did you do that I a heavy attack r2
and then on normal wood r2
I don't think I've ever knocked anyone
back like that I went through the whole
game at this level is that something
that happens enemies you knock him
around like that I do what the ex all
the time it's just the normal are - yeah
sure I am surprised I did not I did not
know that was a thing that happened
lesson learned
kill you first judge frowny-face this
game is pretty great no I know I
remember playing throw blood-borne you
know you know what is weird to me though
what I remember this part like the part
with the giant white guys after central
yharnam
well there's another spot you get two of
them you might just not be that familiar
with this particular area that has them
I am like that know the church these
guys I I know I know this area well but
for some reason in my mind we got here
after central yarman our old yharnam
come here after then you might not find
this place everybody know that we
haven't been old yarman yet why is this
guy kicking my ass so hard I don't know
what is it about you
why can I not stagger you do it the old
fucking fashioned way fuck it just break
the up you can go to the blood stubs
feast before the church can you what
church are you talking about the church
were with that guy where you send people
the church where you send people oh you
can't get their blood to start beasts
before that right no and and this is
right outside of that and I in in my
head right after that first area we went
to old yarman you know like with with
all the birds people you know that place
I'm talking about and the guy with the
Gatling gun I'm holding little guy that
disappears so you're not in my way when
I'm getting up blood stones out of him
I'm in 5000 and it like yeah I guess
what I'm saying is there there are parts
of this game that are kind of meshing
together for me what Jesus we're gonna
sky with this big hat big dumb
Oh God this a mini-boss no this is a
normal bus a normal ya enemy like if
rich comes back here that enemy will
respawn just a normal enemy the the mini
bosses are the other hunters yeah I'm
probably gonna avoid the one in I think
it's worth fighting don't you have to or
else that keeps shooting yeah you just
don't have to go down that road where
the one that shoots at you yeah
no you're gonna unify him entirely yeah
not get hit by his bullets sure sure you
can befriend him
can you later on once you open up a
route behind him you climb up the ladder
behind him and then you can just have a
nice conversation and settle your
differences nicely and he'll give you
his badge hmm it's tense I'm seriously I
like that you agree not to kill any of
the Beast and he'll leave you alone it's
a thing it is it's a whole thing
that's great that's fucking great and I
believe you start shooting at you if you
start killing the Beast in that area
so you can you can break a little pact
you have with him
doo-doo-doo-doo I'll see what we got
here
tired and sad says the new infinity war
trailer made me less interested in the
film I just felt like a depressingly
teaser it just felt like a depressing
teaser for the walking dead it's just
building anticipation on which beloved
character will die here's the nature of
the Infinity Gauntlet anyone of these
deaths could be undone instantly
instantly that's true so are they gonna
do are they gonna do a fake out probably
where they kill they kill someone and
bring them back and then kill a second
person in real in the comic more than
half the heroes get just killed yeah
yeah yeah first thing that OHS does is
he literally kills half of everybody
that is okay and then during the big
battle scene the heroes completely get
slaughtered like literally like
spider-man's head gets beaten in with a
rock nice I don't think they're gonna do
that in the movie everyone likes Tom
Holland too harsh
well and I mean it's hard for me to to
come up just because I of course was
fairly hyped beforehand and and the new
trailer just got me more heights I'm
very excited to see it so they're gonna
kill people off but yeah they're going
to bring them back yet yet they know
people think they're going to
permanently kill characters off so
they're gonna tease it but I mean they
have to kill someone right why why do
they have to kill someone because
eventually we need to hit that point in
the Marvel Cinematic Universe where they
cast new people then you just do a
reboot at some point but I don't I don't
know need to you can still keep these
carries around you're not to make you
don't have to make more Iron Man movies
but you don't have to kill Tony Stark
you don't you don't have to kill Captain
America but he can just see isn't that
movies anymore hmm I don't know I think
conventional conventional thinking says
that someone's gonna die maybe ant-man
just decides he has better things to do
with his time
Robert Robert jr. is too expensive kill
him off you don't have to make other
movies you know you don't have to you
don't have to rich but they're gonna
you're yeah I don't I don't understand
this logic where if you're not gonna use
a character in a word they have to die I
just think that's the that's the old old
standby it is because that that raises
the stakes
you know death death is a big event
maybe it just makes you depressed I
mentioned less likely to go see more
he's gone now you know what I think I
think one's death is a big event once
they start stacking up then you get
depressed maybe maybe you don't kill
Tony Stark and you know Robert Downey
jr. he doesn't want to do it anymore
right now but you know leave him alive
maybe 10 years down the road he wants to
show up to do something I think you
bring back all right come on I think
they would be foolish to just go on a
killing spree for the sake of the time
team I don't I'm not saying they're
gonna go on a killing spree I'm saying I
think someone is gonna die it's a big
event someone's gonna die there must be
rules for us to share go on just tell me
what piques your interest and I will end
and my my guts telling me it's iron iron
man it has been the leader of never
being dumb precisely for that reason you
leave open the possibility he can come
back even if you know leave it open I
don't know
there's no good there's no good reason
to kill iron man off in the high stratum
of the cathedral ward
if you seek blood healing and the church
is willing you should pay them a visit
birdy worth is an old place of learning
and the tomb of the gods
kayvyun where Yanam should be their
Bergen where well once a group of young
Bergen Worth scholars discovered a holy
Bergen whip within the tomb this led to
the founding of the healing church and
the establish a dear you know healing in
this sense okay let's hear you say my
name pro Austin see but today so pro
Austin see says gremlins ghostbusters
Big Trouble in Little China Empire
Strikes Back aliens
fury road ground which of these awesome
movies does rich like I read them all
house gremlins ghostbusters yeah big
trouble little China BG fell Empire
Strikes Back aliens
fury road you got to put one at bottom
fury road it's not fury road it's not
aliens okay it's not ghostbusters okay
gremlins big trouble little China Empire
Strikes Back
I don't know that's a tough one I don't
know that's an absolute tough one
possibly empire just just because I'm
sick of Star Wars sure sure I out of all
of these I might put either gremlins or
aliens on the bottom for me person yeah
obviously gremlins and aliens are great
movies maybe even maybe aliens for me
okay
Oh aliens aliens fantastic aliens is a
fantastic movie no doubt about it but
with this with this stacked deck II got
here of it you got a rich this is slate
this is classic slate aspire in order to
use the awesome card you have to discard
another awesome car you know I'm Sam you
know it's a wolf and yes for me I like
alien better than aliens
oh is this old yarman yeah it's on the
way there oh yeah yeah yeah okay I'm
remembering this I'm one remember in
this hasn't there been rumblings about
Chris Evans wanting to stop being
Captain America no but you know what
that you know that means he wants more
money no I don't even think they're I I
I have not heard any rumblings you
people need to learn to read between the
lines all I've heard from Chris Evans is
he's the coolest dude and is just happy
being there it's like just having a
great time I don't know what you're
talking about
somebody in the chat said that he better
pick up the hammer before he does what
if what if there's something out there
yeah pretty radical Oh what if they kill
off Thor okay and then Captain America
just uses the hammer from that on
interesting well so what if how does
that work well they can cuz the Hammers
gone they wouldn't do that well no the
Hammers gone us true the gig was smashed
and Ragnarok yeah yeah spoiler well that
was in the trailer so that's not even
spoiler the hammer was smashed in
Ragnarok so unless Thor builds another
hammer no I have not seen Ragnarok no
but yeah well but that was smashed in
the trailer for Ragnarok so still not
spoilers yeah I know it got smashed in
the trailer I just assumed that it would
come back I this yeah it doesn't come
back in the movie okay no it does not
come back in the movie
but who knows what's gonna happen later
on in infinity war who knows what sort
of weapon he'll get and Thor is going to
reforge another Mjolnir maybe before
maybe he'll get a more awesomer weapon
wasn't you just make a bunch of builders
of what such an awesome weapon and then
everyone
Milner's but everyone gets it y'all
nearer he'll have to enchant them each
differently so that like only Tony can
pick up his iron me own horror and one
that only Captain America can pick up
his mule or
dr. strange can heal uneat apples so I'm
sure he can fix a hammer we have no idea
what sort of cosmic powers are imbued in
mule in your and whether or not Doctor
Strange can repair it it was forged in
the heart of a dying star mural new
year's pretty badass I'm not sure if dr.
strange has these kind of capabilities
it's just made out of just solid
deutronium star but you're right that's
why it's so dead well then he'd you know
I don't care how strong Thor is you
shouldn't be able to pick that up well
that's the magical incantation okay okay
that's why he can pick it up it's cuz
it's so heavy
if you could pick up a chunk of a
fucking neutron star that would be a
pretty badass you just throw it in the
middle of a plant or get it creates
fucking black hole that's how
that that'd be an interesting choice
though for Thor to die kind of kind of a
you know isn't definitely isn't the most
popular of the Avengers but I know up
there he's up there easily replaceable
with another Thor you know taking that
someone taking up the mantle of core
right right yeah that's not a bad idea
for a death though what is it you desire
commit see and the the answer of anyone
vs. Superman is very simple it's it's
does the person have kryptonite they win
do they not have kryptonite Superman
wins it's the dumbest thing Superman can
be defeated by a glowing Rock if not
Superman is unbelievably strong in
ridiculous ways and has freeze breath
and heat vision so Superman wins paying
my respects to the doll Oh
oh you were bowing oh I was I just saw
you wet wagging you're controlling what
the fuck controller prepare your what
fortifying it I believe automatically
prepares it double-check that
stop wagging your controller empathetic
one of the chat says Goku is gay much
very immature but I agree with the
sentiment doesn't Goku have a wife and
kid doesn't he leave his wife so we can
hang out with some sweaty dudes like all
that's all the time and he actually he
actually goes into a special time vortex
so it seems like he's away from his wife
more than he is oh you're right my god
he just hangs out in a time sauna with
other naked dudes yeah you're right Goku
Goku is the is the is the is possibly
the most closeted fictional character
it's ok Goku will accept you it's ok
ah here it is nice
all right where are we here we are in
candy for crows who says hey guys thanks
for playing more blood Bjorn I've been
itching to play Dark Souls 2 after
beating the first last year and this has
pushed me to it I even played Kingsfield
2 which was surprisingly good I don't
know what Kingsfield 2 is I'm not
familiar with that one either
there was much I don't know one life and
that's ok that's ok to admit it's
absolutely ok lanata misses high ridge
hijacks our if you've already been asked
but have you seen that the DP for
partners held an AMA and the red letter
media reddit we saw it we saw it I even
fascinating I even answered some you
know I was talking back and forth a
little bit on there and the reddit a bit
he had a lot of interesting anecdotes
about the director and the shooting yes
and even apparently even the actor who
played hipster drug lord who's there huh
though I don't believe it because he
wasn't talking as passionately about the
project so I don't believe that was
really him it could be the shame you
know cuz any actor would take the
publicity right I don't know I think if
it was really him he'd be pushing him
really hard like no that was me that was
me check out my Twitter my Twitter is
right here you can see my new project
over a check out my website what if he
gave up on the acting he might have
partners was it I realized it was never
gonna happen
he was never meant for him
second it would you really want
publicity for partners any publicity is
good publicity you know who Tommy Wiseau
and get Greg Sestero art we know who
those people are and they earn a living
from making a very very bad movie
someone just won a fucking an award for
playing them
do-do-do-do-do where are we we are at be
cool about fire safety who says hey guys
rich yeah congrats on the wonderful
spire block playthrough now you amazing
since you didn't answer last time Jack
if you had unlimited budget to get a
triple-a studio to make a game what
would you make the I have no idea right
i I'm not and I'm a I'm a video guy I
can talk to you about movies and other
sorts of things I do not have I'm not in
the proper mindset to talk about what
triple-a game I would make I would just
give it to from software to make another
blood-borne game probably but they
wouldn't care because they're already
doing something
I hate this guy
machine gun yeah he sucks are you gonna
befriend them or you can't do it right
now I have to do it later okay sauce
trees pretty dope sauce piers super dope
man ah you clever bastard
Oh nobody's stuck in a wall oh geez
hit him through the wall
right ho Jeeves says finally caught the
new best of the worst
I lost him but congratulations it's
great
my favorite part was when Mike chased
you guys around the studio it was
action-packed it was thrilling and it
reminded us all what rlm is about and
that's family nice I don't think it got
caught on camera they would have used it
there was a nice organic moment and it
probably didn't show up on the camera
because they didn't use it but I ran
around the corner right as mike like
slid into view of me just my own eyes
and I'm just I'm sad that that
apparently did not show up on camera
because it would have been amazing yeah
and you know I know a question that
comes up a lot is how much of that kind
of stuff is scripted none that happened
purely organically that entire sequence
was nothing but an improv Jake they're
not gonna believe that they're not gonna
believe I oh I know I'm giving him the
insight whether they want to believe it
or not is up to them is rich and I had
the cameras and Jay ran out and started
the bit and then you ran or Michael I
better go along with this exactly so I
ran and then we all ran and it turned
and then Mike picked up on that and and
it turned into a whole thing and that
entire chase sequence was was wordless
improv great
but because it was improv yeah stuff
like funny bits just didn't quite work
out on camera there was a period when I
was running around in the studio where
like I'm like half running and half not
running so I can zoom out a little bit
and double-check my focus on my camera
just because like oh this is a good bit
I want to make sure that like I get some
of it having most imagined motion that
footage captures probably yeah cuz i
zoomed out yeah and and was a lot I
think I was a little more stable yeah
thank goodness y'all didn't bust the
camera we've been around cameras enough
we know the score oh you're early
that's where he always is you should
come out like that
so this guy right here for anyone who's
not a blood-borne ER he's another hunter
and this is what would be considered a
mini-boss is it technically speaking I
don't know that it is yeah because he
never comes back
if you if you go through this area again
I think generally the hunters are
considered less of a threat than than
the big beasts
come on boy come on now those lenses you
bought a couple of them are nice there's
a few that are you know scratched and
broken beyond repair
most of them are actually like it's
really interesting most of them are
incredibly have a really short focal
length which means like they're they're
like almost macro lenses so they're
really good for super close-up
photography which which is interesting
I'd say maybe six out of the out of the
Dozen are are usable still a fun a fun
trick and not terribly expensive for
their cuz he had to buy the whole one
but I'd say six are usable enough for
everyday shooting I was hoping I'd have
a nice lens for everyday shooting but
Jesus
yeah that's all right reg what mounts
are they they are they are sea mounts
and so I had to get a seamount to micro
for Four Thirds adapter but that
shouldn't affect the focal length
unlike other adapters no now we can make
back down there Gharib blood echoes back
make it all the way back down do it we
can do it that's a hike man
Oh Thank You Siberia skirt yes a
seamount to the letter seamount is a
type of limbs most commonly found at the
16 millimeter movie cameras
closed-circuit television cameras
machine vision cameras and microscope
vocals and I believe that all of these
were from the closed circuit TV cameras
that's what they look like at first but
their needs they're still fun died I
might be able to make something
interesting with those fuckers I got the
gh 5 yes that's what I mean
nice nice 4k camera and some decent high
frame rate stuff I you know so far I've
only been I've only had some prereq
shoots with it I'm not about to take it
on my first commercial shoots that's
really gonna put it through put it
through its paces but one of the reasons
I really like it is it has to as V slops
I got some extra batteries with it
should be should be an intra and a full
HDMI out yes I'm still talking about
cameras shut up
that's right saviors and you can take it
up to 4k 4k high frame rate really good
data rate over 100 megabits per second
megabytes per second right bit you know
the bite bit aggravating them all so
they come to me it looked as if you were
just gonna run no no see I don't want to
go out there and fight them with a
machine gun guy right is shooting
everything you saw spear in that bad
jacket
I'll take it
I'm saying I liked it especially like
that movie you swat them away I I didn't
even know that was a move man I like for
me I would always like you know do the
one extended big swipe and then
transform it for a quick stab so I don't
even know if I ever kept it extended as
long as you did which is probably why I
never knew there was a push away
nice nicely done
stay that fire you're gonna stay in the
fire come to my smoke it's nice and my
smoke I'd love it if I had our open
battlefield with this guy but machine
gun guy oh yeah for those who don't know
there is another hunter up on a balcony
with a Gatling gun that if rich goes too
far out of the
which goes oh oh
run away nope nope nope
jesus H crisp rich ok you can do it you
can do it he's just gonna hang out in
the fire for a better parent
Oh some tents
that was close oh he also has a saw
spear yeah is something I'm sure I knew
oh nice
nicely done nicely done all right
the bludgeoning all right over here you
run because he's gonna shoot at you fuck
those birds
which you probably forgot an item
complaining please be more specific
about things I'm doing wrong you forget
if you could file a detailed report with
red letter media HR that would be very
helpful there apparently the guy dropped
an item they didn't pick it up all right
hold still this corpse will still be
there yeah come on we're going through
that way anyway Oh sneak attack behind
you little prick
the nice thing about about this is the
the hunter will not return if rich has
to go through this area when the hunters
will not return to make the next round a
little bit easier oh yeah that was a
little battle right there no yeah was
I'm not gonna tell rich to use any combo
he's gonna do what works for him man
what are they suggesting r1 or sorry
yeah r1 l1 l1 yeah that's my that's
usually my go-to is like a big r1 and
then an l1 to transform in a quick a
quick snap so rifle spear
just good got him get him
born under punches eighty says hey guys
I was just wondering if you bought
movies physically or digitally if
digitally then where
holy fuck
you're Irish
the bone marrow ash just what you needed
oh well wasn't that close I know it's
nothing big but I'm going back to get it
of course I already got it already got
it oh I think you got a cold blood dude
so I prefer to did you did it you did
everything's good are you gonna go fight
the gun man no no no okay if I kill him
I can't befriend him later okay
kill this trick don't do it
kill that brick stalking him
and I never fucking know I'm there Jack
okay what an idiot
a few years ago my answer to that
question would be physical just because
I enjoy things like directors commentary
and the bonus feature Rhett but now that
stuff has become pretty ubiquitous on
digital formats and so you're like you
know what I'll buy an iTunes of an apple
guy so usually I'll buy digitally unlike
iTunes
and they'll have all the stuff like the
behind-the-scenes featurettes the
director's commentary all that
all right this next part is not fucking
easy remember I remember that yeah yeah
man oh my god
I know a lot of people prefer physical
and I could only assume you know know it
knowing rich in his stance on DRM and
actually owning stuff I can only say
physical stole I guess yeah I I'm just
all about that convenience man all about
that convenience plus I tend to like the
commentaries the fuck Wow
yeah but you can get that digital
commentaries and featurettes and what
now I'm with you scar wings arc I don't
like the clutter I do have like I have a
drawer that I have all of the movies
that I want that I'm not sure if I can
get digitally all the movies that are
important to me
clerks acts the the 10 year anniversary
of clerks that giant bought DVD boxset
with hours and hours of bonus material
that's I'm not getting rid of that a
space cop blu-ray ooh you know that's
not available
captain resident says here's some cash
for providing a pig fisting good time
all down for the pig tasting
I've seen pay f to pay respects
reference around a lot of places was
that a thing before you were joking
about it or did you kick it off no that
was probably a thing before we started
talking about oh yeah yeah that was the
the famous call of duty
button-front trying to do my exes l -
dum-dum so yeah that's been around
before before we even started talking
about it it's just a ridiculous button
prompt from call of duty where it's a
cutscene and then they break up the
cutscene with a button promise in order
for you to a respects back its cinematic
it is super cinematic is what I meant to
say
part of these guys chase me I just run
past once you start climbing the stairs
they finally sit there oh yeah I don't
want them following me when I'm not
expecting it
yeah they'll be fine hey I you say that
as if it's certain foregone conclusion
Jack's right
I don't know that I can agree that its
people are gone conclusion the rest
aren't following it that's okay well
that's good waiting it out Jack and rich
thanks for the hours of entertainment I
almost bought a PC multiple times just
to sink into blood-borne a PC I've
almost bought a PC multiple times just
to sink into blood well unfortunately
this is not available on PC that could
have been a sarcastic PlayStation fan
comment oh maybe maybe it's I was I was
going to build the PC to play PC games
but I just played blood-borne this thing
okay I think I don't know that could be
it
I don't quite understand that but like I
hope he sees don't have blood-borne when
they have literally everything else seem
to be anything malicious about it he
might have meant I almost bought a ps4
just to play blood blood for me was a
mistyping yeah yeah yeah could have
meant he just bought a piece of I almost
bought a PlayStation 4 right this could
be could be I don't know I don't I don't
presume we try not we try not to
hot pants says hey guys who's got my
blood echoes you got you got oh that's a
no sund okay one two happen all by
himself there whoo yeah yeah that's a
lot of blood echoes you got you got
cooking there
odhh I'd sit there with your one health
point just die
rich do you care about March Madness at
all no nope me either
me either
let's see here hot pan says hey guys
after the whole battlefront to shitness
I didn't think I didn't have the stomach
to watch the last Jedi question what
kind of shitty corporate decision over
some IP killed it for you you can't use
Star Wars and Star Trek probably EA's
decision to shove Mass Effect 3 outdoors
quickly as they could in combination
with Casey Hudson's masturbation look
how important I am ending I know people
like to move most food through was great
until the ending now I was pretty bad
until the ending mmm it's Mass Effect
dumb down I was like what for dialogue
wheels in the game I'm grossly
exaggerating but the kind of shit that
was important is the kind of shit that
was gutted throughout the whole game
it's not it's really not just the ending
bad
game they probably should have spent
five years on they didn't - yeah a
rushed game is forever bad but a delayed
game has a chance for greatness
that's a quote who knows something about
games so what's the plan here where you
going what's going on oh I got a climb
back out I want to get some stuff okay
Miyamoto said that I mean I knew that
was someone that was someone who knew
something oh yeah that stuff see see
like like like apparently infinity war
yeah Casey Hudson had the wrong idea
that you endings mean everybody has to
die well we don't know we don't know if
anyone's gonna die this last one that
means everybody's got to die right I'm
I'm assuming one person is gonna die I
am assuming how about the bad guys were
right all along and then you have to
agree with the bad guys and then kill
yourself that's the best way to end an
action-adventure story wouldn't that be
great would that be great if you have to
agree with the villain and then kill
yourself like the end of infinity war
like fan o's like decides not to kill
them and just sits them all down as like
guys here's here's really why I think
he's right we should kill half the
universe does need to die Oh God I guess
Tony Stark I guess you got to shoot
yourself in the head now cuz Casey
Hudson wrote this
yes like the Watchmen which is not a fun
action and no it's not a fun action
adventure The Watchmen is specifically a
deconstruction yes it's the take on
classic action adventures that's
supposed to be horrible and horrifying
and when you agree with the bad guy it's
a horrifying decision that's the point
of the Watchmen is more story that we
don't want that in an event in an
Avenger part conclusion of your what is
to that point been an action-adventure
series it was the wrong decision
yep no The Avengers is classic I I think
someone's gonna die just because they
have to start thinking about recasting
and that'll pull a trigger on someone
all right and they've reached a point
where
where stakes need to be appropriately up
it may it would make sense I haven't
heard any rumblings that someone is
going to die and I won't be disappointed
if no one does I just mean that flopped
over crow Jack always wishing for death
no yeah no yeah maybe sometimes no every
now and then
ya gotta open up the shortcuts man right
now I just forgot where that short note
went I almost never use that shortcut
but I suppose if you're gonna come back
and sneak up on him later you'll need
that hopefully I'll never have to take
that one again though just to sneak up
on him just take up at who I'm not gonna
bother Gatling gun guy uh you actually
know later on that would come later on
you jump down the roofs and then come
back around that later on there's a door
well I'll show you
werewolves
what I didn't see him at first and I
didn't see his help I was like yeah yeah
rich you're fucking hitting a rock use
the torch a lot these guys are scared of
it look at him oh I see that it makes it
through here easier even if you don't
use it oh yeah just having it out makes
them afraid oh I get that I I'm just not
sure I ever used it oh sandy here for
this section let's so against the
werewolf so I'm going to switch back
Jack
I assume you're either trying to stir up
some shit or you're new here no I'm not
a big fan of torrenting or pirating
you're a big dummy dumb done it worked
out okay but did it yeah it so
eventually yeah at some point in this
game yeah you will fight the the big
hairy electric beast yep
that opens this door if you come from
this door yeah you can go around and go
upstairs without aggravating the Gatling
gun guy and then you can become friends
but can't you do that if you just jumped
on the roof or you have to come through
that door as far as I know you have to
come from that door I tried spawning in
from the Blood star of beasts area once
yeah and it did work he wouldn't let me
talk to him oh okay
use a health probably don't need to but
before I open the shortcut I'm playing
it safe that's a great surprising first
time isn't it oh yeah
it's one of the rare games where you
know the jump scares scare the shit out
of you really shit out of you and do a
decent job of setting the the tone of
constant you're constantly in danger
you're constantly in danger right cuz
this is the other shortcut entrance
right and so if you come in from this
shortcut it doesn't work to coming from
this shortcut you have to go I guess you
wouldn't be able to get to without
aggravating him this way yeah I haven't
tried but like I said I've come from the
blood borne beasts table lantern yeah
and it didn't work so I assume you have
to for whatever reason and go through
that specific door okay what are the
other jump scares is that one guy in
that building in the dark room you see
the glowing thing you got to pick it up
and he comes at you from the side
there's a couple of those right it right
at the beginning right when you're in
yarman there's that guy that kind of
pops out behind the stairwell stairwell
he's on the other side he's and it's not
a stairwell that you use he's just like
it's like a stupid oh yeah yeah yeah
that's an early pretty early jump scare
I mean the werewolf one might be the
most dramatic one because he breaks
through a door yeah
wait why am i doing what am i doing
you're getting the thing up there
already isn't there something in there I
am just think I'm being dumb is there
something in there going all the way
back when I don't need to oh okay
well is there something in that tower
though that you were two feet away from
I mean I've already been there okay
you've no you want no you haven't been
to that tower
no we're at the point where I spend
blood echoes and then we go after the
blood start beast okay you have not been
in that tower yet I have no I totally
have totally haven't totally have you
can't sure you can
how can you this is a little Airy you
jump down see there's a thing on him but
I already yeah I already got it
you don't you know you jump down right
here oh yeah that's just me being dumb
yeah okay dumb dumb dumb dumb the blades
of mercy is that what you get from the
crow yeah is that so the two wind blades
we talked about that earlier yeah those
are a great weapon
great weapon jack isn't gross unless you
mentioned eggs
I mean how that helps what kind of eggs
are we talking about here
HG
that a cheap pond 79 says hey guys I
just got stable results for my code I've
been working on for my 700 level
computational fluid dynamics class oh my
god that sounds insane I don't know I I
don't understand any word of that
sentence you understand the words word
may be something I mean depending on the
context but that word the word word
wasn't in that sentence so you that's
true that's true
listening to you guys while I'm working
has kept me sane thank you so much well
good luck on the fluid dynamics
simulation
maybe I'm wrong ready to cut fairly even
progression maybe that's wrong no it's
fine
like I'll definitely prioritize like
vitality and endurance like yeah i wanna
i want a nice health bar i want some
good endurance there's nothing wrong
with that poison coat without your
poison code time to prepare prepare
properly can you pick up eggs or for the
fight i am going to make myself an
omelette later good hunter and i need
more eggs what we got here we a telecon
who says guys do you think cinematic
universes are gonna crash and burn in
the near future or do you think this is
gonna be how most blockbusters are
structured from here on out well I think
studios other than Marvel have finally
given up
who else DC is gonna the DC's already
they failed but they're still gonna plug
away at it oh they're gonna limp on
through man they are gonna they are
gonna push through whether they should
or not Willis is pride who else has
tried this Universal oh that's right
it's right twice oh what a disaster
that's great what a disaster we here we
hit Connor the Harris Cinematic Universe
that's just a bunch of sequels right and
a prequel and a quasi prequel in
fantastic beasts and where to find them
I don't know if Harry Potter fans Star
Wars I don't know that that's quite the
same thing that's a cinematic universe
but so far we only have one other right
like the only other thing we have so far
is Rove one yeah
solo isn't out yet and so we can't we
can't speculate on how well that will do
but outside of the main series we've
only had one spin-off and so it's hard
to determine success I think eventually
people will be put in charge who know
what they'll do what they're doing
Allah Kevin Feige Feige I think it's
Feige whatever I think eventually there
will be people who know what they're
doing
ala Kevin Feige shut up
and we'll see it work again but no it's
not going away and also no it will not
become the norm we're still gonna have
regular old blockbusters there weren't
too many failures for it to become the
norm
yes and there's been too much success
for it to go away it's like it is but it
isn't you know that's great great times
everyone's having a great time it's rich
not have a compressor I feel like if
anyone in the world would not only is
rich using a condenser mic there is a
compressor on our zoom h6 and so yeah
he's all sorts of compressed rich Evans
has my voice defies the physical laws of
this world it's very true rich
absolutely has a superpower and it's
that no microphone can contain a voice
you can't use it to fight crime in any
way
here we go do it here we fucking go you
can do it I believe in you rich future
Prez jrv says hey rich and Jack I went
to see they might be giants in Boulder
Colorado based off of your
recommendation
so thanks Kent I'm gonna be a jerk can I
get some quiet I mean I did I need to
see the future present moment bring it
fucking bring it you son-of-a-bitch
yep
yes first try first try that was intense
aggression hole that's the bloodborne
way oh that was a journey oh you and
feel hot
it's great it's great great job well
done well done everyone what what time
is it
it's only nine I mean I got more of me
you kids you know keep going man we got
another hour before we're usually
college let's just see how far you can
fucking get dominating how do we have
like a whole stream of us failing both
of us failing to beat the blood starve
beat I want to say yes yeah higher
stream yeah hours and hours of us not
yes what a difference a couple years yes
bagels for everyone
bagels yes push all of those whopper
buttons
rich has done in three hours what I've
done in 30-something fair my first time
through wasn't anywhere near as graceful
excessive well I think that's the point
is you know your first fuck man you like
it took me I want to say 10 hours just
to get out of central yarman the first
tonight rich you don't need to upgrade
skill after thank you storm Templar nice

[Part III]
in the waking world yes that area where
Rich goes to upgrade is called the
hunter's dream
this square just ahead just to hang out
what he's shy want the holy blood
oh yeah Ludvig yeah yeah Ludwig's only
blade I don't know what accent that
wasn't I'm sorry if I offended anyone I
have no idea what that was no it's fine
who's got a Swedish it was kind of sweet
kind of German not necessarily not
Russian
that was just a general accent Nord fix
only bled it's not a known accent of
anywhere in particular but it sounds
like it's from many places oh my god
you were almost I was dead I was about
ready to stop trying this I thought I
was just out ok death animation
be movie villain accent and yeah yeah
that's just general accent this is my
accent I could be from Russia or maybe
Germany or maybe South Africa
you don't know general that's okay I
have to go have a nice pee man
psiphon of the star feet are you going
you troll
you come back here right now
are you going
they're illegals hair dye miss miss like
treasure box today
I don't think there's anything around
here I think I just goes back around
pretty sure does I'm going to ignore it
I was talking to the chairman what do
you even let you know what's going on
it's a strange thing to say out loud I
don't think there's any goes anything
over here
these little goblins I can kill I want
to kill some little goblins
seems great
that's snow and it'll I need a little
bit more blood echoes to afford it but
we can totally get ourselves a Ludwig's
blade
I don't know that I'm gonna throw out
the saw spear though
slime monster
I thought I fucked that up almost fuck
that up
nothin let's drop I almost missed the
ledge oh yeah this is a fucked-up area
so many deaths here so many deaths Oh
Jack was just getting a water also a
little out a little in you kinda have to
be the doll now right no you know what I
have I have self-respect and so I will
not be dressing up like the doll that's
fair you know what that's fair
I know anybody who watches red letter
media comment content might be surprised
to hear that I have some self-respect
nonetheless it is true you have just
just that's enough just
we can rename this dream Jack is correct
about sauce beers yes oh yeah you are
it's great weapon man great weapon and
it looks cool too I know but you know
what it doesn't have that like the
cleaver has more of like a bat class
like a meat cleaver feel to it this this
the cleaver does look a little bit but
this is a great weapon I feel your name
something I never felt before I remember
this
I remember this in my original
playthrough you give the doll the hair
clip that you found and she's oh the
doll oh man this game is brilliant every
part of this game is brilliant everyone
just talks almost a whisper but I have
to claim it's just like it's like it's
like there were afraid monsters will
hear it's like they've spent their
entire life cowering and hiding from
monsters and suddenly just with some
restraint like some on the other side
Carrie already did that dude give me
give me give me old advice old man huh
oh yeah I need uh I need lewd things
neither loo pigs get it
Ludvig it up I didn't get Lube fixed
plate
I had to get the badge from that little
tower up saying okay and then it's
available to buy it
okay I gotta buy it
traveler speaks I have not seen
annihilation yet I'll probably get
around to it this week I do want to see
it I'm excited to see it I just haven't
seen me yet I mean I may need some more
plumbing how much is it
mm I think the 20,000 I think yeah but I
can't upgrade it yeah well I'll just buy
it now and then go farming with it then
you get the fun of playing with it first
I don't use an on one level that's silly
well if you're gonna farm anyway it
might as well farm with the fun weapon
that you want to use I'm gonna kill like
I gotta kill like like two dudes
probably to get enough to upgrade it
okay if you have the right stats for it
I should I've been popping up in pumping
points in the skill and string now go
sword sell the down close oh you know
what I'm gonna be a completionist I'm
gonna keep all the things
I thought you had to kill Ludwig in
order to get it that's a different holy
sword that's the the the moonlight sword
moonlights yeah yeah that's the
moonlights and isn't that in the dlc
yeah yeah I've options multiple things I
could do I couldn't go straight to
Amelia Oh
Vica there's some people I can be
rescuing which I'm probably gonna do
it's crap on mother yeah
though I rescue people and go to the
slightly secret area sure that sounds
like a good plan be the hero then go to
the slightly secret area right in the
shins
davin people on their feet what does it
what does it cost to upgrade this a few
times I didn't know anyone ever yeah
all right where are we today let's see
here oh I was just trying to find where
I left off a lost in technical assistant
interviews with writer director Alex and
Garland I watched a few of them after
seeing annihilation he's very smart and
shows open contempt for the airhead
hosts oh I don't know if I would like
that I'm generally speaking a nice
person so I don't know if I would like
him showing open contempt for people you
know some people are just worthy of
contempt I suppose it depends you're
right you are correct
am i low on health battles for some
reason you only have 15 have you
I hadn't been my dad just been using
that many I certainly have been dying
like it's not like I blew through a
bunch on the Blood star of being you you
used like eight but I should have dozens
right at this point yes hmm
that means I might have to go farming
that kind of sorry Michael farming
all right click the boom click click
boom
can you put gems in them yet oh wait
yeah
there you go there you go uh uh you know
what Sampson Oh live I will say that
sometimes yes there is some farming to
be done in blood-borne yeah the cleavers
is upgraded as I can get the cleaver
right now and I agree that that if I
would have to you know looking back on
blood-borne yes every once in a while
you need to just grind some echoes kill
some trolls for some blood vials holy
shit I need more blood vials yeah you're
all out of blood holy shit that's great
firm well you'll be fine for now
you got 15
Jack did you ever follow up on the
planet Harlan in that one the planet
heart life is mentioned several times in
Star Trek discovery I've never followed
up on it as in like I don't know like
and they weren't they weren't talking
about as I'm Noah it's just a weird
coincidence that there's a planet har
Lac and that is generally speaking my
username
I think it's possible and they were just
red letter media fans and wrote that it
would be that would be so that would be
very strange don't you think
strange but not impossible not
impossible I think even for red letter
media fans wouldn't they rather name the
planet after a red letter media thing I
don't know and not a me thing all right
harlech does sound like the name of a
alien planet
yeah Harlech but well maybe that's why
you don't the planet still class up
doesn't quite sound like an alien planet
that just sounds like a reference sure
but I'm sure I don't know though yes the
planet Grabowski but you know like then
you called like the planet like grab AO
or something weird like that or har lash
or Harlech yes
yep yeah where you gonna fart what are
you doing nothing
oh yeah gotta get the top hit
I hate this yeah I did
all right be careful here this could be
bad yay it's not bad yay
thoughts on the cane whip have never
used that much had one run where I'd
tried to use it I wasn't doing very good
with it and so I gave up on it
that's exactly my experience with the
cane well I did try and I yeah not not
my kind of weapon
I know people swear by it
do they make some people do like the
whip but do that's a good weapon I'll
give it that
but easy back man oh the bagman I only
want to see a bagman from behind I know
I'm giving you animation that was free
animation Oh God ammunition fuck well
that was free - I don't attend that one
now they have animation ammunition they
can animate they can animate that yeah
you can animate you this speaking make
me look quadruple II bad yep
rich how much you have to pay for saves
lives in blood-borne
hello
Ludwig's
that's not an EA joke that's a Konami
joke as in Metal Gear server sure is
joke I don't care survive you at the
paper oh god those guys oh my god I
forgot about those guys oh I hate those
guys oh man I'm just remembering those
guys in um was that yard cool oh sure
well I know they're everywhere
I felt the chalice dungeons no but I'm
thinking specifically when when you get
kidnapped by the bagman I don't think
they show up there at least not when you
get kidnapped they might show up the
area later I don't really remember him
around the witches show up in that area
oh yeah the witches suck - everything's
great this game is great
upper cathedral ward is where those
insights suckers are oh yeah they're
there too but I want to say they're
there also that's fine it's fine that's
easy to get back to no skardu is very
enjoyable stream as usual I finally took
the plunge and subscribed that's right
zero fucking months thank you
I was only fooling myself by holding out
keep it up Thank You moose curtido we a
if you can survive that subscribed it's
great oh you know or is this one we
appreciate that too
just you guys hanging out
you're the fucker that took my blood
echoes stab them in the shins rich right
in the shins eat it shins I've heard
some good things about vermintide - yes
I don't think it's a game rich and I
will get around to other stuff to do
I've got a decent idea for our next
full-on video I've gotten some time in
already and I think there's some stuff
to talk about
did you just say owl no I think he just
went oh well I would fuck that I would
too but it's just uh nothing a bird they
care to go oh stop it
you hit me with your painful fans yeah
death counter is dramatically going up
in these last 10 minutes I'm not happy
about it weird almost like the game gets
harder the more you play it probably
just means I should take a fucking break
that's fine you know go another like 15
minutes
Oh
big win big whiff rich yeah thanks jack
we go where
Burger King diamond this is rich yeah my
understanding is that you like some
heavy metal music what are your
favorites and what are your thoughts on
Slayer calling it a day do whatever they
want man I'm gonna be fairly boring on
you know Metallica's fine I've heard
others I don't my brain doesn't organize
itself with bands just songs sure sure
that's fair
am i evil is a fantastic heavy metal
song Diamondhead okay well I got diamond
heads great no I am evils a great song
fucking god Judas Priest electric I okay
is one of the most amazing things ever I
don't know if I know that James priests
on you know everyone knows that that the
Hellion slash electric is one that
starts out it's great
does rich like Van Halen um let me some
songs I'm like I'm not I'm not super
musically inclined
I enjoy Van Halen quite a bit not van
Hagar very important distinction but Van
Halen is is my kind of cheese man I
gotta open up that door friendly big
dumb things I need to do over here yeah
and I'm leaving the over there area
which doesn't make any sense I
understand exactly what you're saying
popped pants says I got a really bad flu
today thanks for the company even my
girlfriend didn't want to see me so
question
Batman is a Mary Sue yes
Oh
I need to get my shoes just shake it off
and shake it off any any character
that's been around as long as Batman is
has reached the status of unbelievable
unbelievabl and and change and
everything's broken about them we've
talked about that many times here on
stream according to most comics now
Batman is rich enough to solve all crime
in Gotham City without putting on the
suit really huh well most crime wouldn't
you say but you know obviously there's
gonna be like crazy person crime in
Gotham City but the day-to-day criminal
like the the criminals that just want to
rob the bank Batman can Batman can put
an end to that if I just might paying
them off literally just he can he could
pay to like everyone in Gotham doesn't
need to worry about money anymore
because of Bruce Wayne's well he has
enough money to have a giant satellite
in space how superpower people
he's got it he's got it he's thinking
about it is no ladies know what to do I
want to kill that guy no I guess I guess
he's got him he doesn't his eyes are
glowing no no that one straight Oh yep
his eyes is Bowen if your blood for
those who don't know a lot of times your
blood echoes end up just on the ground
but if an enemy walks over them they eat
your blood echoes and you have to kill
that enemy instead of picking them up
from the ground so this guy want market
just got the glowing people eyes he knew
you were coming
stem and the skeleton foot get out of
there Oh Russian aggression fight I
can't believe you did that without
healing have I heard of king gizzard and
the lizard wizard like the name King
gizzard and the lizard wizard I have not
heard of them no I'm sorry I don't know
what king gizzard and the lizard wizard
is I'm sorry
listen and and I see in chat a lot of
people are talking about like what is
and isn't a Mary Sue I being a Mary Sue
is much like what we call roguelike
games now the definition aids a little
fluid the original definition when I
think I was a little bit more specific
than the way its use now yeah the way
it's use now is just character you don't
like that's exactly what it's turned
into yes it used to stand for something
man I don't know that's even true I
gotta get the drop on these guys or are
they facing my way they are facing your
way and waiting for you yeah yeah that's
not the way we're gonna go it turns out
we're gonna go a different way
I'm stuck oh great yep nope oh great
valiant bloodshot's is hey guys valiant
is getting into the film universe game
with blood shots shooting in July
starring Vin Diesel that is true that is
official now also rob live fields
extreme universe is in development at
netflix so they're they're whitewashing
bloodshot
for the characterization right I thank
bloodshot was Asian
valiant bloodshot I'm gonna I'm analyst
I don't know what the current bloodshot
is I haven't read the reboots of
anything I'm gonna I'm gonna assume that
someone with the username valium
bloodshot knows a little something about
bloodshot so tell me valia bloodshot I'm
looking for you in chat you tell me if
bloodshot is Asian he has the big he has
a Japanese flag on no bloodshot is white
in the comic according to value
bloodshot his real name is Ray garrison
okay so if anything there uh and his
costume is the Japanese flag essentially
yes alright so there Vin Diesel washing
bloodshot I'm okay with Vin Diesel as an
actor he's got a decent amount of a good
schlock to him I'm cool with that I'm
fine with this it's just strange I
always thought he was an Asian man maybe
one shot maybe he's a secret Asian man
secret Asian man classic rock and roll
song
I you know I that wasn't a bad joke
here's what happened
here's what happened my brain turned its
attention back to blood-borne and I
missed the joke and by the time my brain
got around to processing the joke the
moment had passed and it looked like I
dissed you but that was a good joke I
wanted to the record I wanted to be
known that was a good joke my brain was
just in blood-borne and that was a crime
that I undercut your jokes by having no
reaction whatsoever to the joke it
worked out
yeah that's great Vin Diesel is a good
action star
I usually his caliber of movies is a
little more on the schlock side if
you've seen the Fast & Furious franchise
wasn't bloodshot schlock you need just a
tough guy assassin kind of mercenary I
have no idea I've never read about but
less self-conscious than Deadpool isn't
that the whole bit I have no idea I've
never read bullshit okay I do not know
bloodshot and it was just typical 90s
badass character Oh
well then that's Vin Diesel yeah you're
good so then that's good casting
Sherlock isn't terrible no Sherlock
doesn't necessarily mean bad you know
corny it would be a synonym for schlock
and that's not necessarily a bad thing
being corny sucked straight up on fire
just really burn Hugh I'm gonna call
that bullshit I mean you were right up
in the fire that's that's exactly what
would happen you would die immediately
you know
I have I have my I had my blood to start
beast moment I'm fine oh yeah anything
else that happens tonight this is just
I'm fine this is icing on the blood
stuff piece cake you beat that your oh
the bag man the bag man don't lay the
bag man yeah you're absolutely fine you
uh you defeated the blood no matter how
many times you whip you defeated the
blood star feast on your first Friday so
yeah and father gets going on your first
trial right yeah yeah I'm good
how do you why do you want to count the
cleric beast I died the first time but I
didn't try to fight him barehanded did
you beat him your first time with a
weapon yes oh well then you know that
counts obviously no one expected you to
beat him with your bare fists that was
more joke than anything I'll say it
serious I want to kill that bastard
you you were you were doing your best
impression of a tiny proctologist it's
time for your mother
Vin Diesel was the bass player in
Sixpence None the Richer that sounds
like a made-up fact remember that band
is Sixpence None the Richer
they did that song it was a hit is a hit
song
that sounds like a made-up fact that
sounds like something absolutely so
unbelievable that I need to check Vin
Diesel's Wikipedia page right now hold
on do I know he's the voice of the Iron
Giant which you know he does craving no
it doesn't mention anything here about
him being in Sixpence None the Richer
i think you're making that up i think i
think you're absolutely making that up
that's not that's a fake fake fake
thanks for bringing up that corpse of a
song Jack okay I got a better one for
you
Natalie Imbruglia torn remember that one
nothing's right on its own got a music
guy I have a lot of things this is how
it feels cold and I'm afraid lying naked
on the floor
there was not any late 90s early aughts
pop awfulness talk about music you know
you know you know some good music
yeah the Tron Legacy soundtrack that's a
great sound rearrange some letters in
torn there you get frog you can't Ron
Ron soundtrack absolutely it's just I
was just listening to that that the
other day just cuz it's fantastic oh
that's perfect background music just
slightly driving interesting bits yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah remember that steel
song from the Batman movie I think you
mean kiss from a rose yes yeah been
kissed by rose on the grave that's the
greatest soundtrack by the way the
Batman Forever soundtrack seal Smashing
Pumpkins the
fucking
oh that's right you to hold me kiss me
kill me thrill me remember that song
yeah
and the Flaming Lips are on that
soundtrack too
I'm not a music guy I can't tell you who
the flaming lips are check you know not
I'm not musically inclined no The
Flaming Lips you might know them they
did did so many songs it's a great it's
fucking great
you think ohm is Mazie's star on that
fucking great time
what was the Smashing Pumpkins song on
that soundtrack it was so good so good
right I'm not a I'm not a terribly huge
Smashing Pumpkins fan but the song they
had on that was really good
the end is the beginning is the end
thank you
apple crisp Smashing Pumpkins the end is
the beginning is the end great song and
yeah that soundtrack is is a rockin
there's nothing worth it over here is
now only got some cold blood dude a
blood vial do you need blood vials there
you go then it was worth it
then it was worth it and been up there
yeah and a lot of trouble to get over
here for nothing I did save the
prostitute though there you go
boom save the toot got a vial and I
gotta go back to the church to talk to
Hera then go back save the dude because
he knows she got saved and then you're
doing it rich you're doing it then I
gotta kill a guy oh well you gotta kill
a crazy guy look crazy you might not
know this I might not I don't know if
I'll show you the next part of the Ilene
thing I don't know if I save everybody
yep or did everything there's a lot to
this game well pay attention pay
attention I'm sure there's some shit
coming shit okay I'm ready have you
saved the prostitute yes I saved the
prostitute did you save the grumpy guy
I saved the old lady old lady sir yeah
the grumpy guy maybe I can even come
back all right it's been a while
it's been a while
I get sweet what's 2,000 politicals oh
what up I mean you're here you might
know you might as well diminishing
returns I mean 20,000 not that much
anymore a couple get a point to stamina
maybe one get a little point let me
stand close some Italian guy I'm very
excited about an infinity war
I'm super hyped in the background while
I've been working I've been having some
Marvel movies play just to yeah just to
pump me up that's coming out earlier
than I thought it wasn't it's going out
naples soon yeah that means I gotta
watch the Ragnarok soon yeah you should
it's a V no you should just do it
Black Panther will probably still be in
theaters that's fine I'll just read
spoilers sure it'll be fine Black
Panthers could appear in the movie and
what happened to that movie won't affect
infinity war that much it'll be great
I'm trying to think of it yeah no
nothing that happened in Black Panther
except for the fact that you already
know what what kinda is but you already
know I already know what you're fine
you're fine
jack is flexing the laptop I am I am I'm
getting a little uh getting a little
fidgety get a tiny bit fidgety I can
show you where all of the people are to
save okay for we go that'll end the
stream sure that sounds perfect sounds
like a great day woman all right super
save the prostitute I had to leave the
area and come back so she would show up
you're sure you've saved her
I've saved her definitely okay
everyone talks yes
see if you saved the grumpy guy is he in
that corner the right wonder he's
straight ahead maybe behind her head
wait is he there no no maybe you know
like I said it's also been a while since
I've played vicar Amelia fine maybe
we'll do that who there's just so many
things to do exactly
if you find any sane survivors well to
save the nun you have to get bagged yes
now I'm really excited for infinity war
I'm picking up a lot of just for you
know Avengers 1 vibes is just like this
is actually this is actually a big deal
right
and I think that was generally speaking
everyone's complaint with age of Ultron
is like didn't seem like a big deal yeah
which is true just don't build why they
don't build a stupid robot why'd you
build a stupid robot Tony Stark well if
you watch the Iron Man 3 you'd know
exactly why he built a stupid robot man
cuz I'm a pervert and it sets up age of
Ultron very well but yes
age of Ultron didn't feel like a big
event unlike the first Avengers which
was a huge event but this it just it's
just if everybody who's ever been in a
Marvel movie is just gonna be hanging
out so after after you saved a
prostitute okay you go to this window
okay and this guy who was not wanting to
listen to you at all before ya notices
you told the prostitute some things now
he's willing to hear you out
there's a trick there's a trick to this
is a trick to this guy okay he doesn't
trust outsiders right
so considering he doesn't trust
outsiders he does the opposite of what
you tell him to do oh that's brilliant
tell him to go to oedon chapel he'll go
to iof iOS I use my eye so you said
Scott you saw his clinic instead and
obviously if you don't - go - yes his
clinic I'll go to our Chapel to be safe
that's great that's easy
it says I'm to shop that I know I know
bollocks when I hear it
no lip by E Thor Thor - isn't as bad as
you remember it it's not like the best
in the world but it's certainly not the
worst and you do get a lot of good Thor
Loki stuff in the second act
and obviously Loki is what makes a lot
of the Thor movies good so it's not the
worst it's just kind of black just kind
of nothing okay so I leaned the chrome
here's here's part two of Ilene's thing
okay well after you've beaten the blood
starve beast actually more specifically
not the blood starve beast after all
those gates up there are open that main
gate is open yeah it's but sponsor once
all those doors are open okayed main
gates she appears right here nope hello
perfect timing I must warn you not to go
near the tomb below oedon chapel in the
cathedral ward oh really
my
okay business first so she told the snob
to go so we have to go obviously that's
the very
battle up the environment to at war
machine is fucking wicked though yeah it
is it is Iron Man 2 is a lot like Thor 2
where it's just kind of I don't I don't
know that having the bestest battle
scene necessarily makes it the best at
bestest overall movie though no or even
a decent movie like it's hold up hold up
hello is that Henry yep he's gone mad
you see oh I see he did a little pout he
did a little you did a little he's
actually pretty tough okay fortunately
we don't do this alone ah I've done I've
definitely done this okay I have
definitely done this but I think I think
I did this like way later after I talked
to him and I think I forget about of wow
okay I forgot about it I was just like
farming and I came back to this area
because I was farming and he surprised
me and I was like shit who's this guy
you just kind of let Eileen get his
attention
yeah and then hit him behind cuz it's
cheap and it works absolutely and that's
the name of the game whatever works
just be careful not to hit folks too
much you can kill her oh sure
and as she needs to do the fight the
killing blow that wasn't necessary of
you but you have my thanks
we made it with our lives you're not bad
at all you must have kill gas gone as
well then yeah she says gas kool-aid
welcome
oh he loved Esquire I'm sure it had to
be done I'm just going to keep your
hands clean the hunter should hunt
beasts leave the hunting of hunters to
me
try to keep your hands clean leave the
hunting of hunters that's great there we
go that's great that's great
leave the hunters of leave the hunting
of hunters to me that's great she does
have it she does she has like a like a
almost an Irish accent yeah wasn't
British Irish it sounded or Scot may be
Scottish Jack she's one of them thar
goofy foreigners all right she's over
there it's one of them mate possibly the
United Kingdom I don't know what's all
part of the United Kingdom so who knows
there's a grumpy dude I don't know if I
ever got him I am a for 20 year you are
wrong Winter Soldier is not one of the
worst MCU movies Winter Soldier is a
great movie obviously you are not
allowed your own opinion
I love the Winter Soldier I think it's
fantastic
III obviously you are entitled to your
own opinion I think Winter Soldier was
fantastic far better than Civil War far
better than Civil War yes you know yes
I'm okay with Civil War Civil War got a
little muddled Winter Soldier is is
clean Civil War would have been better
without the Civil War without the big
fortuitous fight with all the heroes we
actually would have been a better movie
if it was just another Captain America
movie yeah that focus on that and he
could still fight with Iron Man yeah
yeah I don't disagree but the big fight
scene was fun it just reached so much
fanservice it actually took me straight
out of the film oh yeah yeah sure then I
wouldn't have been a civil war then you
call it something else
holy crap Richie you solve it so it's
like okay guys I'm gonna blow your mind
movies they're all made up right and
like not only like are what the
characters do and say made up but like
the title you can change that like at
any time you want to call it something
different you can do that man all right
there's the last person we save ok the
nun yeah you save the nun oh maybe maybe
I saved it up just to make it easier to
get my damn blood I go back you can you
can kill me out here dude yeah do you
killed by the back man right it's goes
back to go to back man land to go to
yard ghoul right back man Lynch bag man
land where they have it where they have
the creepy giant pigs creepy pigs
Oh hurry the fuck up he whiffed there
just for that get him in the gut wasting
my goddamn time bagman you were standing
still rich no any fucking River left
there's another guy you can save - oh
he's fake and you know it don't save the
other guy it's a mistake it's a trick
it's a trap
what there's another guy you could save
okay but he just kills the other people
you're saved you find this beggar guy
and it's really obvious he's not up to
no good cuz you when you first see him
be surrounded by bloody corpses oh is
that the guy in the woods yeah yeah yeah
the Funtown flames no the the tension of
getting cape mapped here doesn't lose
its weight because it you have to work
in order to travel out of here you're
also assuming this is supposed to be
tension and not just a a hidden way to
get to a later area early but it is
smoke this is supposed to be a tense air
because right now rich you cannot get
back to what you know this is supposed
to be this is just it's a way to get
here early and you could do some really
nice farming here Oh early on that's
that's really true but but you can't now
teleport back I mean this is a reward
not a scary section of the game this is
a scary section of what it's both it's
yes it's a reward but it's also a very
scary section of the game this freaks me
out you know I got here and I got to
that first Lantern and all of a sudden
I'm like oh thank god I can get back to
what I know now but then the lantern
says you can't hear can't get back yeah
isn't this the place there's that later
that's something else you can take the
lantern back here I'm will find out
shortly I'm pretty damn sure you can oh
isn't this the we'll see yeah one of
these places you get you get to the
lantern and it says you can't leave yet
you can't leave yet and you have to find
like a second Lantern
so there's the money she's not wearing
the Hat back in the cathedral so I think
I found her you have to be wearing some
kind of church outfit and farther
Gascoigne's outfits it's scary because
you have to oh maybe I'm mixing I'm
mixing things up you cannot leave until
you find a lantern Yeah right yeah maybe
that's what I'm talking about okay
you have to you have to get through a
chunk of this section and if you die you
go back to you start back in your cell
and you can't go back to the hunter's
dream or anything can you send the
madman survivor to the clinic instead of
the church
yes that's usually how I deal with him
or maybe transformed is implied they
transform him to one of those monsters
now here the tension actually for me is
finding the lantern before you die cuz
you can't I think you can get back here
if you don't set off that lantern
and then you don't you just respond in
the in the dream or somewhere if you die
here then without without the lantern no
you respawn back in your cell all right
I don't think so but I'm wrong about it
many times about many things and and
it's been too long since I've played
this section
I'm not gonna aggravate the back man
oh don't aggravate the nice back man
he's a good bag man he's just doing his
bag man job he's bagging
they're saying you go back to your cell
until you find the lab is it okay right
so you're stuck here you're stuck in
this area and I don't recall things
there ain't no getting out
I don't recall things I should make my
way back to the damn lantern wait when
is this listen later on this Lancer like
burnt out later on it believed this gets
destroyed right but for now it's fine I
think maybe I'm mushing to parts of the
games again you might be you might be
that could be it
cuz yeah later on that lantern is burnt
out so you have to find another another
Lander alright so what's the plan
what echoes back okay we have the fight
there I guess Amelia oh shit you're
gonna give her a try yeah I guess I may
as well yeah well yeah I don't remember
Amelia's fight that well I know she's
not the hardest boss though so I don't I
don't know what's gonna happen what's we
know what we'll see this it either ends
you know on us remembering a great boss
fight or a grace ball great boss fight
right
Oh brave and your line thank you very
much
the tower is in disarray
but there are still people here together
we awaiting the help of the healing
church which superhero movie was Oscar
Isaac in he was like a yes he was
apocalypse in Age of Apocalypse even
though you couldn't tell cuz of all of
his dumb purple makeup and he was also
in by whether the nun is jealous when
you talk to the prostitute I I believe
it
no I mean all right and what sign
froster look you know this back with the
notice right yeah I see there no keep
your eye on done feel like you've showed
me this before but keep your eye on the
nun okay she know I've seen her peek her
head out like look at you she's ever
seen her like flat out like lean her
body out to spy on you
she she's looking over yeah that's fine
what is Oscar Isaac known for for ex
machina and now he's he's a poem I
always Poe Dameron she did in my head I
remembered it being more comical like
more of an obviously note she's looking
at that could be my young could be just
me miss remembering it yeah and that's
that's everyone saved everyone everyone
savable that isn't secretly a homicidal
maniac and it's like you're what's crazy
I mean you've gotten so far yeah
unimaginably far in four hours and and
just scratched the surface
this game is rocking great all the time
oh hey ready for ready for another old
song that's gonna get stuck in your head
so now that you've saved everyone else
who will save your souls
so we'll be stuck with my head high what
if God was one of us you know you know
what's been stuck in my head and I'm not
I'm not complaining about it
I'm kind of glad it's stuck in my head
what's looking here Bohemian Rhapsody is
this the real life is this just fantasy
caught in a landslide no escape from
reality there are my blood echoes I
forgot to pick them I'll kill this guy
now he is so asleep having the gun you
stab him right in the gut slice and down
cut cut cut nice nice bring it around
who's the guy who played Gollum and King
Kong he didn't play King Kong hey I
think he was just in King Kong saying it
help for this fight yeah you're thinking
of uh I know she's an easy boss but Andy
Serkis Andy Serkis was Gollum and I
don't think he was King Kong right oh
shit
nothing working that guy fucks you up
well yeah but I lived I should have had
them but I fucking I fucking with like a
scrub now this guy's here to talk to you
get out of here scrub yeah oh those guys
can you hit me while I'm opening the
door
can I come in
ah doesn't look like it very good looks
like they're kind of trapped good great
great
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do where are
we here we are at MC Lukas who says tip
for you rich for using those cocktails
like a fucking pro mad cocktail stress
magistrate's doctor lube it up says one
of my old teachers has been convicted of
child sex offences I have some you know
what I was an idiot yeah and I did not
set up my little preset thing before I
got into this fight and I don't want to
do it while I'm in the fight because
that just sounds like suicide
absolutely so we're gonna do this
without anything useful equipped great
sorry doctor lube it up future pres de
RBC's rich congrats on beating the Beast
sorry for the interruption wanted to say
thanks for the save you giants
recommendation they were great in
Boulder what are your favorite stage
plays and or musicals
I don't have any favorite stage plays or
musicals Jack do you I mean I enjoy the
old Disney animated musicals buting the
beasts a Little Mermaid Aladdin
why on King yeah but I don't usually
care Christine you got a visceral from
behind on her
nope just going around her
I would also recommend not all that was
letting her grab you like that
not apparently you cannot
about to get a picture of this
those close one room you know great tip
I heard once huh
if you're having troubles with the boss
and this boss in particular maybe think
about it if you're really having trouble
with the boss in blood-borne mute the
game really that like just listening to
that like listening to her shrieks
freaked me out and I think that that
that like gives you some unnecessary
tension and so a tip I heard once was if
you mute the game during a boss fight
you can handle them much easier because
you're not having that extrasensory
freak out but yeah like that was creepy
they heard just going creeped me out
let's see here gave four quarters says I
work at a diner on some of these names
yeah you know the it's how you want to
represent yourself when they want to
represent themselves as gay for okay for
quarters absolutely like that's that's
life man I work at a diner part of my
job is chatting people up and I tell
customers about rlm all the time I write
it on register tape like the
Ghostbusters you guys are entrepreneurs
oh that was quick
that sucked yeah did don't want them
yeah Emma Ruru before rich starts this
fight says hey guys when do you think
you will do another board game three and
Barbie rematch perhaps have a great
night we just need more people maybe
maybe one of these days there's a couple
two-player games that I can bring in all
right Amelia
well fuck me
she's not taking any shoot this fight
oh you're not dead oh my god
her screams her screams max power 1 2 1
5 s Jack and rich my roommate and I want
to get into streaming games do you have
any advice for starting out from the
ground up on Twitch also for blood-borne
we didn't we didn't here's the thing we
totally did not start from the ground up
no we had a pre-established fan base
from other thing that being said we had
a pre-established fan base lost most of
it right away because they realized it
was just me and rich then slowly built
on that you know we've been following
kind of the pre-established rules of
having a regular schedule trying to play
some games that people want to see
and and so it's all rules that that you
kind of know already which is keep to a
regular schedule and play some games
that lead to unique situations where you
can
make clips of those situations and
people see the clips and then want to
see you live it's all set
seven beers I wouldn't say the tips
control the flow they offer jumping-off
points just like chat does and they
still pay attention she's still got me
with that yeah
yes you did stone cold rich she is
I was kind of surprised earlier when he
called her an easy she's harder than I
remember her but I usually go to like
the witches first I used to take the
time maybe I don't go straight to Emilio
sure sure
so I might not be as lovely whatever
maybe Tiberius I think yeah I think you
got some some nostalgia glasses on I
think try it with someone man next time
I kind of want to do it on my own yeah
but if I fuck up next time then we'll do
a summon maybe I guess you know the
other part of that siberius is we've
already had the conversation and so like
a lot of our conversations are stilted
because the stuff we've already talked
about and so we kind of give the cliff
notes now and there's not a lot of new
stuff happening so we had a lot more
stories back then we had a lot more
things to talk about now we've talked
about a lot of things and we just got to
keep either regurgitating similar thing
oil wait to the news Commandments we had
a larger back camera back in the day
most of that is gone
alright I'll get help fuck it ah nothing
wrong with asking don't help
Chad it's not that I it's not that I'm I
never read chat and I do read chat and
if I think something's interesting and I
read it in the chat I'll bring it up and
talk about it but people paid for the
tip man what do you want me to do not
read the tips and we usually get a ton
of them and they get backed up and if we
if we take our time and actually talk
about the things yeah which we can try
to do it takes us a while to get through
those tips I think well Tiberius is
thing was just you know like hey you
know you guys used to talk so much more
about just random stuff and like I'm
saying we've already talked about yeah I
think we can't you can't recapture that
magic
but that's all ah marks as I'm sure this
question has been asked before but how
familiar are either of you with the
Ratchet and Clank games I just started
playing the reboot on ps4 and it's
pretty refreshing not varied to be
perfectly honest with you me as well and
Rihanna can you Andrey it
Henriette what are you doing right
behind you do you have to like tell her
to help her no she should just do it
no now she's doing it
now she's do it
hunchback jack says i'm listening to the
stream while doing my taxes that's true
it is tax time everyone get him ready
and while it it's not as complicated as
fluid dynamics you guys are keeping me
from going and saying things as always
this real attack is on her face yeah but
then yeah it's hard it's hard to hit her
face is the problem she's a giant dark
monster yeah who's who swipes in front
of her yeah
that's easier that's far easier said
than done if you were if if this was
maybe a spider-man game you could swing
from the ceiling
was Henry
where's your friend
which I think you lost before I don't
think I was getting much out of that
relationship anyway
what did she go I think she was still
fighting dudes while you were in passed
everyone she was taking care of all
those dudes outside don't worry about
that she's covering the door she was
covering the exits it's a long way down
from the blood start Beast Jack we hey
we had that we had that that's all that
matters
crane hand crisis run the jewels is in
town tonight Dallas opening for Lord but
I had to spend the whole weekend in a
food truck I'm going to spend $16 of my
misery money to buy sleigh the spire
because I can absolutely so you're
saying you did not get to see run the
jewels opening for the Lord I'm very
sorry that would be awesome
slay the spires fun slay the spire is
very fun I also enjoy run the jewels and
I like Lord to Lords nice two very
different genres I'm very surprised that
they are oh it's South by Southwest snow
is that what's that no that's your in
Dallas wasting wasting more insight on
this Biddy
Harriet Harriet another some of them
spot right up here for someone else
somewhere off of these sides Wow oh yeah
they're all coming up yeah Harriet
Harriet now she cleaned out that guys
are CJ's opening for Lord on the end of
there on the end of her tour that's I
mean good for them it's gonna get a lot
of exposure with that Harriet can you
can you like whistle
lords real name is Ella the truth Lords
real name is Ella Maria
Elana Yelich O'Connor true is it true
that sounds made up
but I'd also believe I like Lord I like
her music it's chill
all right it's fate you oh now she's
coming all right ash wait
Harriet Harriet do they need more
exposure they had a song in the trailer
for Black Panther
yes I think they could be bigger I think
we run the jewels could be bigger
here
our Miller vet is an NPC right there as
a little helper NPC you I call it no no
you doing video start reading names
won't you pull up names and start
reading names we got it we got us more
tips oh okay you know I'm not a super
rush you know not a super watch
Pete was taken says hey guys do you
think it's cool how in blood-borne
instead of being a hero you're basically
just a glorified pest exterminator what
what I do like is that yes you're not
like the what the only one to save the
day I do like that there are other
hunters around and it feels like a
complete world you know there's Ellen
the crow and you know there are other
things happening in this world and
you're not you're not the the destined
here the oh right one right who can make
the pale moon blood again yeah you're
just the best I mean the best you're
obviously the best you're Simone
seventeenth-century Bob a guy that's
been what you look like
No
wasted all my insight on you Ariat no
Henry it yeah Henry it maybe maybe she
was upset because we were calling her by
the wrong name
I was calling over the right name no I
was going her a area thanks Mega's
Alexandros but I don't need eggs
currently but thank you for reminding me
I often do need eggs
not tonight well you've ruined my
stealth miserable Andrea are you going
onto the big guy oh Jesus Christ oh and
now this guy just shoot him just wake
him up
pumping up those blood echoes that's
nice
that's nice yeah there's better places
to pump up blood echoes I'd rather just
kill this boss and be done with it sure
I can see that I'm gonna buy bagels get
your bagels get your ice cream
clean it up tell them to clean it up all
right now that I wasted help Val because
that Henriette up it's not Henrietta
Henrietta
it's just Henriette don't call her by
the wrong name or she'll get pissed
again and start throwing but start
throwing her fire cocktails everywhere
you all know what's going on hot Sun
Forrest Gump this movie sure is a movie
schmaltz supreme and that's not
necessarily a negative
just you know very schmaltzy
well yes fines finally I like it
I like it I like it all right
because scary
it sees interesting that's
that was a good fine but but yeah it's
it's weird
goddamn it
ah
Oh
yes
oh rich that was hot I got caught you
got caught you got caught in the in the
in the gams of of Amelia
yeah just keep get caught up with
everything names and everything I'm
gonna keep going until that God darn it
we can't we can't no do I subs oh yeah
exclamation points elves that's right
I did good do I do do do just close this
tree I hate it when you get your vision
blocked in these games that that is a
real concern yeah I got track good to
see anything because she was blocking my
entire view and I was trapped wherever
the fuck I was yeah I couldn't see it up
to get out yeah that is why for any of
the bigger monsters usually I do not
block to I want to say the first few
times I got to admit yeah I took care of
him pretty easily maybe I just got lucky
like a few times sure maybe your build
was a little different maybe stats were
a little bit maybe yeah
we're coming from a Dark Souls player
does the sauce beer have a bleed like
effect
I probably shouldn't use it it's more
effective against Beast
she's beast sure it does not cause them
to slowly be helped over time but I
believe there is a is there a blood to
help regeneration things with letting
more blood out they seem to be gaining
more vials that I'm losing that's that's
it that's positive that's good that's
good
Jack Turner go yes I've been hunting
several times never shot anything but
I've been out hunting shot at things
part of that country living my friend go
hunting they're saying that you saw
spear would do more damage against beast
type monsters some bat might be a smart
call I'm doing it do it
what's the time for us it's about
quarter to Allah
just read names I'm gonna well I was I
didn't know you can do it anyone talk
during the battle because you were you
know you're into it that was close that
was so close
okay so this is the point in the stream
in which I'm gonna say the names of all
the people who subscribed was during
this very stream like could jerk kajoor
q plain Ernie
clay dough one for 14 months in a row
bruiser Inc for 18 months in a row a
queen of the One Ring for 12 months in a
row who says I made it to one year even
though Amazon Prime makes you manually
resub every month love you guys and
looking forward to many more that's true
it's free for you money for us thank you
it's gonna be my bit now I'm gonna I
know I don't know my bit is going to be
that I'm a horrible shell you deal with
it
pardon me
beautiful a hoe says don't touch my
shoulder
axé alum core wag who says cock my fuck
a 69 Mario Mario 42 for 45 motherfucking
months in a row who says before you got
me addicted slave aspire I was playing
audiosurf 2 while you normally don't do
rhythm games and song games it does so
you can play a level two jacks doom it
up just to stop that would be neat I
will look into that you know a lot of
the problems with the rhythm games is
kind of a lot like what's happening
during the boss battles here is it it
takes a little concentration to hear the
rhythm and then we can't necessarily
have conversation
while we're listening for the music
Chris games 2004 19 months in row who
says blood-borne and shirtless dudes
glad to catch you guys live keep it
awesome turbo Dangerfield for 12 months
in row who says so we've been together
for a year I guess that means we are
getting pretty serious so do you like
want to move into something or if not I
can at least make room in my closet for
some of your stuff Thank You turbo to
interview
cinnamon for 20 months in a row who says
20 months and still no paycheck I'm
beginning to think this moderator thing
is a scam okay here's to 20 more
turd smuggler
who says where's turd smuggling Zen
what's it like having two subscribers
that smuggle turns also keep up
or Dominus if feminine 25 fucking dream
Shogun
dev ji on Rexy cop20 who said loved the
dead rising screams rich Megan 40 cave
funky tunes who says go go power
wreckers sir Dannic
says nothing weeds about me 5:30 skeptic
who says mister which one of these days
I'd love to see you try the captain's
edition overhaul for FTL and turn off
fleet pursue the mod adds Space
Station's to loyalty quests changes so
many things all the fun none who might
think the the fleet Jason he was not
frustrating
Shawn 30 fucking months ago he says I
have been here 30 months now I still
think you are wrong about iron Hannah 3
but if we were all the same
that's true I have very strong feelings
about iron man
one of these days I might have like
quote me if Norway
evil evl calm
I see 99 for 19 months of morose is
almost to 20 months hi fellows
God eats bagels mr. Plunkett oh thanks
John yeah I mean sloppy they can't they
sloppy they can't all be golden I can't
see K nipples it's happy anniversary
frauds L buns Oh
Grande who says hey Jack and ranch first
chance to send a subscription message
blood-borne is my favorite game and I
will never be able to play blood-borne
is my favorite game I will never be able
to play I'm sorry Playstations for us
we'd really cheap someday the eventually
eventually PlayStation 4s will be chip
cheap or it'll it'll come to PC one one
of these days you might be able to
you'll find like a used copy of
blood-borne 420 yeah and a PlayStation 4
75 yeah that might be worth it or like a
PlayStation 4 and a bundle of 10 games
for like the only one that's worth it
though is oh you know van dorbz 10 for
14 months in a row roll-off may tech for
18 months in a row who says good evening
oh sorry good evening hunters have you
played the game attack of the earthlings
it's essentially a fresh take on exhale
with an injector on the doll I'm doing
the talk good evening hunters it's
essentially a fresh take on X come with
an alien species defending their planet
from a greedy human cooperation PS fear
the old blood so the avatar attack on
Earthlings an ex-con style game were you
the aliens
like it let all those blood blood echoes
we saved I'm just going it out one
section for this boss fight over and
over
let's you know that is embarrassing if
you can catch up well sighs you know it
builds them up if you can catch those
blood echoes that's nice VX 1 3 5 421
fucking months in a Rome Executive horse
wife Taggard mac-- stone 435 fucking
months in a row says just enjoy you two
so much have fun and get that pale
bloody Oh storm Templars as a man walks
into a bar and tells the bartender he
has no life the bartender scoffs at
least you're out of the house and not
watching previously recorded or rlm
videos the man cries but the bartender
isn't real
I love the dog you would marry the blood
borne down I would look look here listen
to her I'm so god I just thought of
something horrible why do you suppose
somewhere out there there's a
custom-made nota then a custom-made real
doll that looks just like she does some
fucking pervert has a sex doll every
night jack somebody was sticking it to
your doll god damn it and they paid like
they pay like thousands of dollars to
recreate her clothing perfectly to the
game so they could undress her and dirty
things to the lovely doll of the dress
on huh they leave the dress on those
perverts
all right leave the doll alone go alone
Lowell puffs max sex dolls you know you
know buff Max's thanks for the
recommendation last blood borne stream
my copy of partners is on the way enjoy
puff max enjoy partners something
special mokey be 85 for 45 motherfucking
months and rose as high Wreckers 3 more
months till four year anniversary Jesus
Christ that's coming up soon we got to
think of our next thing to say yeah we
gotta think of our next thing man Wally
Russ 10 load him for 15 months in roses
happy sub adversary' gents and a
pre-emptive thank you for helping me
through this next week or so these games
you love are so comfortable all my black
house these games you love and are
comfortable enough to talk during are
the best LOL track my yack val 5,000 won
for 12 months in a row telegin 443
motherfucking months in a row monk a
Potamus says three monk Epoque monk
eponymous you see says three years of
watching deserves three months
subscribing we appreciate him on the
bottom us thank you
fra Gert J frog evil crash 9 423 fucking
months in a row moose car do welcome to
the fold
Ivan Lee prestige Johnson some rebel 1
push level hate was taken child of
Furniture toed decimals for 29 fucking
months in a row observe Itron 9000 for
17 months in a row Taffer double-a duska
yes Dostoevsky
chum protect my balls evil lord david
for 17 months in roses hey guys david
here for 17 months in a row i hope
you've been well crocodile brain for 41
motherfucking months in row says my dear
friends hope all's well i haven't had
too much time to watch streams or play
games recently but have been getting
into monster hunter world have you tried
it out keep up the great work
why don't we why don't we do subs during
the stream how long have you been going
on right now i mean 20 minutes look we'd
be stopping what we're talking about
every minute well much like people in
the chat we're talking about earlier
everyone must lose this yeah track of
conversations if we were to like what if
rich and I were on a really good
back-and-forth which happens
occasionally one you know one every hour
we get a good rant going and then we we
stop thank him subscriber then try to
rebuild up that momentum so we save it
for the end here
monster hunter world I did try I got
maybe five eight hours in the Monster
Hunter world and just could not stand it
could not stand it I have no opinion on
it rich don't don't don't lump us
together I didn't know no no I know you
haven't oh I'm making sure they know
because it's gonna be prereq jack and
ridge behaved Monster Hunter right I
have no idea what the Monster Hunter is
like yeah I am neutral I am Monster
Hunter neutral sure I did I just wanted
I just wanted a disclaimer before you go
on because I know it's beloved I'm
keeping my I'm keeping my foot out of
that doggy Doo
yeah keep my
mr. everything's fair everything's fair
not my thing
drunken weasel n17 V strum Blas
strum strum but long street Steve fruits
blasts humus back pack quack attack
dancing snatch sage big Gilley six six
446 motherfucking months in a row a
black mark Marcus fart smell blazing
blur and my name is Tate for thirty
three fucking months in a row who says
three months until 36 motherfuck and
bottle pop and confetti months in a row
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it true we really do it's
true
we really do what are we gonna save I
forgot now you save in blood-borne does
it save it automatically me to come back
here where is the same
is there no saves just Auto I don't
recall what's in the box
that's just inventory the Charlie is it
it auto saves okay you know how to saves
sure
sorry I haven't playing some PC games
lately that don't treat you like a child
and your control of your own saves well
you're in control of them into more
never you go back to the thing save have
an auto saves for nice I'm being an
asshole for fun have a nice night those
guys are all assholes Oh Richard
