May 16, 2018
Wizard of Legend
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/262256730
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/262260930
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/262265156
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhGOUtvBaVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPEYHzU3GbA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6kP-qdOh20
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/996857038805356545

[Part I]
supposedly where is that shield supposed
to go this is our first toy review
apparently this is this is our first
official toy review could you alt-tab me
I'm gonna move over to the the camera
only yeah yeah hey everybody look at
this look at his Kratos you're gonna
hear how we oh I was over very loud I
was over at Target picking up a few
things
oh you know rich really love this god of
war I'm gonna get this action figure for
the legs fell right out the aspect ratio
is fucked up well this is temporary
thing her oh the legs just fell out the
legs just fell right out and it's a nice
that's like a nice sculpt the arms are
great legs Nick the the legs fell out
when Rich was taking it out of the box
the blurry mumbly show is on are we
blurry where we that should√≠ve
image of the camera no we're fine
temporarily that looks fine doesn't it
yeah do a bitch about everything Jack
you look bitch about everything you
can't you can't worry about it I can't
worry about it
this leg doesn't even go dumb doesn't no
audio no I should have but I shouldn't
have audio
I should have audio do you hear me now
Oh toy was too blurry gotcha
it's a piece of shit oh that's a real
shame I can't even get though I can't
even get the leg the leg joint go down I
thought that what I thought was it you
know in my head I was like this would be
a really fun addition for you know like
in the screening room we have toys all
over the place like in here we have some
toys it's like ah rich really like that
God of War I'm gonna I'm gonna get this
for rich and you know have it be as a
nice little present and it it's
crumbling in his hands the second he
took it out of his box I don't even
think the ball socket for the leg is in
the right way yeah it says toy has
issues this toy has issues and we're
gonna get taken care of I'm gonna return
it I'm gonna get another one I'm gonna
lodge a complaint with nobody actually
take it out of the box okay what are you
talking about why did you take it out of
the box you're an adult you don't play
with toys I was like I wanted to play
with Kratos let me play with Kratos
my biggest complaint yeah he does not
come with boy he does not come with boy
and he comes with a shield but there was
no way to mount the shield on the arm
what the fuck was right no also there
was no option to buy boy like there was
no separately sold boy
ellee's that I saw maybe there wasn't
they were all sold out but boy was extra
huh
it's fine it's fine fine you know what
it's all fine it's all fine okay so we
ready yeah I guess
you're on record you're on McCord rich
okay what needs to be set up in the lab
our new tips oh we we are we went with
after some after some talk de bont huh
debate after some debate talked to
beefcake a bit we went with stream labs
who has a very similar tipping service
um let's see if this is the password it
is so they have a very similar tipping
service that goes through PayPal again
so it's not bits and hopefully I have
that all right in the down below but
we'll see four for you for you people
watching tips should work exactly the
same but I don't really know because I
haven't done it yet so but J jrz and the
chance is Jack
you said you fixed the green screen but
I don't even see it first of all nice
joke secondly we're gonna see if this
cold green screen situation worked what
what I got was and I know this is gonna
be very exciting for a lot of people cuz
this is you know like me getting into a
little bit of Tech Talk yeah I got a
tube that's filled with LED lights and I
put it on top of a Amazon box okay so
it's gonna burn the Amazon box its LEDs
it creates no heat no he it creates a
very very little creates very little
heat Sam an old man I'm used to big hot
boys big big hot bowl gimme them give it
him hot balls
okay meat in my mouth
is the minimum five dollars I know the
minimum should still be two dollars
should be I don't know to be quite
honest with you
here yeah make it make it five doing it
get out of here but so yeah it's it's a
it's like a it's it almost looks like a
fluorescent tube that's filled with LEDs
that's on Amazon box right behind us
that's you'll see like a little glow in
my head and so now we have a very strong
light on the green screen so it should
work just fine so what the fuck am I
playing here we're playing wizard of
legend and I will get to playing it in
just one moment because there's one
thing that I forgot to do before the
stream started I'm sorry and I got to do
that real quick I'll be I'll be I'll be
shocked
I'll be absolutely shocked if we don't
get a tip tonight asking me what does
better whoopee cushions or fart bags was
that one of the things in the in the
thing I'll be absolutely shocked if that
doesn't happen oh that's why it was
raised to five I get it now I get it now
I thought you were asking a legitimate
question about tipping but you were
referencing a video how silly of me to
think they were being legitimately
curious instead of referencing something
in a video there's nothing in the video
we just bump up the comments well but I
think all of them were five dollars well
and so that's what I think that's what
they're referencing come oh man why are
you such a shitty laptop what did we do
rich to deserve such a shitty laptop can
you answer
been raising five dollars we can buy a
fancy new laptop Windows is working on a
on a reasonably priced surface option
yeah which looks good surface laptops
are pretty powerful it's a lot of touch
but
they're working on a reasonable price
surface laptop so I'm gonna wait for
that and then get us a nice surface
laptop this just isn't working
but to but for why but for why are you
not working so in a case the toy sucks
the light works all's good in the world
the weather's great everything except
the toy is good everything except for
the toy is great but these are time to
have a laptop building stream absolutely
there might be an issue with people not
being able to tip with a name Dominic
says she's trying to put his name in but
it's coming up anonymous okay hold on
one second we can actually change that
we can change it right away
okay donations they can't see that great
enabled name to the mount amount it
could be I wonder if it's too many if
gobbledygook is too long of a name yep
we got that that looks right Tony a
message setting minimum amount to show
$2 font setting good alert variations
now we're good
your name should be showing up I'm sorry
if it's not well I'm sure we'll get this
ironed out if it ends up being an issue
for other people absolutely we will
absolutely get this figured out okay
jesus H Christ there's one program
running on this computer and it's dang
near useless any time any time you want
to shut down that that laptop has seen
better days
it sure has rich it sure has so the
question oh what what I'm trying to do
is I'm trying to make it able so rich
can read your tips when eventually we
get this whole tip thing ironed out and
and right now so far the answer is no we
can't do that because everything is
terrible in the world
your browser hogging all the memory
apparently we're trying to close the
browser and it won't close there we go
closed closed it's closed okay I'm just
gonna let it breathe for a second open
up Chrome again it's Chrome so yeah that
usually takes up a decent amount of
memory what
anytime you're ready anytime you're
ready Crum I believe in you I believe
that you can do it by more ram buying
not for enough Ruth okay actually could
for a laptop and it probably doesn't
have any room for fucking expansion come
on right fucking laptop yeah I wouldn't
even want to open this thing up there's
so much shit in it alright anytime
you're ready Chrome I believe in you I
believe in you download more ram that's
a great joke thanks for sharing thanks
for sharing that would never do the
opposite of what you want to do come on
come on come on
is there some kind of god-awful cloud
RAM option I wonder in this world I
can't imagine that that would work you
you know you would need a hard Ethernet
right it would probably be terrible and
slow I'll bet you they could do it I bet
you they could do it I mean to have more
RAM on the cloud technically you know
with the slowest RAM ever with with
stuff like Steam link all you need to do
you know you could have your RAM other
places and you just offload the video to
it to whatever monitor you want right so
you know they have something kind of the
same any time you want to open up chatty
it's gonna do it it's gonna do it any
moment now rich I believe in it I
believe in it I believe in the power my
idea is bad and I should feel bad I'm
presuming is what you mean it's joke not
an actual idea I wouldn't want to use
cloud ram and and i think in in the joke
you said that it would be a bad idea in
really slow yeah so man hey thanks for
coming
yeah they might've been referencing
something else for talking with someone
else in the chat sure that's true uh hi
you give them the benefit of the doubt I
do why not why not why everyone else
gets the benefit of the fuckin doubt
everyone except Trump there now it's
perfect stream holy shit first five
minutes in the first fucking five
minutes god damn it you ruined it
you wrote in the first five minutes here
we go
logging in I'm almost ready I know any
week now we're gonna start this gaming
stream and it's gonna be great I can
feel it
apparently chatty doesn't want to work
so you don't get chatty but you got the
chat right there rather have over
handful rabble away oh wait there's
chatty oh my god I were like 18 chat
he's gonna pop up now because I've been
clicking it all day maybe
if we can blame anybody we could blame
me let's blame me I was a little bit
late you were slightly late I I guess
you know the one thing I didn't check
was the laptop I was I was getting
everything else set up and I did not
check whether or not the laptop was
working so how about how about we have a
little ko blame okay I could deal with
that little ko blame I should have had
it rich is never late nor is he early a
rich Evans arrives exactly when he means
to I've been I've been reaching the the
Lord of the Rings okay the extended
editions with my kids yeah and that's
just something Gandalf says in
Fellowship of the Ring a wizard is never
late Frodo Baggins noise he early a
wizard arrives exactly when he attends
to our children young children feel
about those films they I was really
worried because we only have the
extended editions yeah which by the way
I don't know if you guys know this that
means each movie is four fucking hours
long luckily it comes on two discs even
in the DVD era so it's like six movies
for them so it's six movies but it's
like bin jabal TV yeah and so they're
you know the the first half of
fellowship of the Rings was getting a
little bit boring but since then like we
got fucking Luke I murder giant battles
talking trees evil wizards sword fights
are are the Laura the Rings films the
extended cuts are they longer than the
first season of stranger things they are
are they longer than the first two
seasons how long's the first season
strange of things I'm trying to remember
if they're like half-hour episodes they
might be our hour they might be our so
then it's so then there it's probably
about our season
it's probably longer than the first
season but I don't know if it's longer
than both seasons about one and a half
seasons that sounds right so yeah we've
been what we've been watching the Lord
of the Rings and like now you remember
the ring
did you see the Lord of the Rings yeah
you know like the Radley remember very
little specifics I'm hoping you remember
the visual you remember the ring wraiths
the people in the black hood that are
always looking for the ring remember
when you see them flying a dragon fly
across the camera well no and there's a
whole scene in the in the the two towers
where they're like the the flying dragon
is like attacking a city and so they're
just like there's a fucking dragon in
the movie they went they went nuts
they went fucking nuts man all I
remember is that Gollum was a neat
character that's all I remember
yeah gallon is neat you know what okay
yeah we are getting donations but now
how do I see only donations all right
give me a second here here's how we slow
build-up or it works but you know like
my youngest is six and there's only so
much like happy hobbits he can deal with
you know like the little people are
throwing a party for an old man little
person and so you did like like well
give me the war give me give me
something give me some action and so
like in the in the theatrical cuts he
probably would have been fine but why
wouldn't you just give them a theatrical
cause first we don't have them okay one
and we we prefer the extended editions
and the Alisa and I wanted to rewatch
them too and so it's like fucking
watching that we're watching the
extended editions all right hold on when
our stream that's a fantastic question
you guys are asking all the important
questions here all the important
questions I'm trying to get to a point
where rich can read tips chad furrow
couldn't even do that one thing
furro had one job and he couldn't handle
it
the ending of those movies is so odd to
me I I really don't know if it's poetry
or just the most bizarre anticlimax of
any movie ever
where the day is accidentally saved
through Boober II well I think Samwise
has a little has a little bit to do with
it but photos the fucking protagonists
right and and what I would have thought
what a powerful message be how how how
much evil and power can corrupt ones
that I'm not sure if it's poetry or just
the worst anticlimax ever I don't know
Touche you know what Touche here we go
boom boom boom I'm just imagining me as
Frodo like tripping and falling into the
volcano at the end right oh wait we
don't want to see we don't want to see
or do do we want to see bit rich do you
want to see bits
I put the ramp oh I can't see my own
feet and you and the ring fall into my
shit where's the lunch that's great rich
yeah I have an important question for
you do you want to also see who gave us
bits in the stream that's fine that's
fine
because I figured it out
okay so now it's a little jank no you
know what no get out of here there now
it is less jank here you go rich chat
and tips all right I did it I finally
did it
I want to play a game now you you do
that you do that there I think this
unplugged
I'm fairly sure the the controller is
unplugged rich help it help it
oh wait nope yeah it's something you
might have to restart the game all right
are you plugged in nope works right all
right all right single player let's do
this
dr. Denham PhD in tums it's something in
tums PhD in tums ok says hey guys first
time tipper longtime fan of our lab I
made a fan video titled super hat fraud
racing it's j+ mario kart racing it's a
short video and it would mean the world
to me if i saw your guys reaction live
you're asking for a world of hurt for a
world of hurt Gallagher says the answer
to your question is you don't want to
see us react live because we're not no
matter what we're not gonna give you the
reaction that Yan and I don't know what
the contents of your video are and I'm
not risking it other great great things
right yeah yeah but the Greg says what
is better a whoopee cushion or a fart
bag yeah everything is right in the
world Gallagher says but a back to the
Future for be super cool super lame-o
hitting all the bullet points great get
it out of the way guys get it out of
your system
Sean says I like the troubleshooting
stream so I have mixed feelings about
helping you get a new laptop what like
either a new laptop or we need to do you
know something is um here's the crazy
thing about this laptop yeah we only use
an internet browser and chatty ok how is
it gunked-up is this the hyper light
drifter people
that so looks like the hyper light
drifter - well you know it's a - I don't
know okay great
attendee R says so was the burger
Goodrich I see a little bit cold by the
time he gets a bombing
okay Tomcat 2096 says I've long wondered
why would sweet innocent supple Canadian
boy Colin recommend such a vile and
disgusting movie like mad foxes is there
something wrong with him
yes also I've been drawing you guys
while you stream would you like a
drawing
would you care I would like it or a
little we're not streaming no art that's
fan art yeah love them yeah that's
always fun recruit more pimps for uses
Jack I'm Jack dead Sarah has a new song
out called heavens got a back door I'm
tweeting it to you now I think you'll
enjoy it
thank you I will check that out PS the
new Arctic Monkeys album is weird as
fuck and I love it four stars out of
five you know I never got into the
Arctic the Arctic Monkeys
okay
London flex in ski says rich if you
think the Lord of the Ring movies are
anti-climatic the books are even more
anti-climatic in the book Gollum steals
the ring doesn't dance and then falls
off the ledge into the lava and once
they get back to the Shire sorrow man
and slave the hobbits oh no really it's
been a while since I read them I can see
it I don't know if they're fucking with
me but I can see it that's great
first of all that's great then
Anonymous's Jack and rich and chat nice
debate time after adding milk to cereal
would you consider it a beverage a sauce
a broth or something else entirely
thanks I guess technically it would be
like I said like a soup it's like a spa
Cho yeah it's like a gazpacho you want
to know something weird what do you want
to you want some some weird jack trivia
go ahead god I don't put milk in my
cereal that is weird
I don't put milk in my cereal and try or
do something else dry I have milk well
as an adult now I almost never ever eat
cereal yeah ever like even on days and I
feel like I can I don't ever lock Tober
is for Frankenberry but otherwise not
really so no I never put milk in my
cereal I never much cared for the
texture difference of light because like
it is it's like gazpacho it's it's
cereal soup and I hate it and years ago
my dad told me a story as to why I don't
eat milk with my cereal I'd like an
incident there was an incident
apparently and not a big incident not
like it's it's not as something you
would consider that would be
life-changing but apparently while
you're young yeah I was very young I was
over at my dad's house with my brothers
and sister and and because I was the
youngest I got milk last so you know he
gave us cereal oldest next me by the
time he got to me ran out of milk for
the cereal
uh I'm out of milk and apparently I was
just like and I'll be fine I'll just do
it like this like I was just like a good
because I am a go-with-the-flow kind of
guy so apparently even as a kid I was so
good with funnies like that I'll go I'll
go get some milk just wait I was like
nah hungry now I'm eating it never had
milk with my cereal again so I'm also
very stubborn apparently I thought
you're gonna get like like the sour milk
or something no no it was a very it was
it was not an event that you think would
shape my life in any fashion and to be
honest with you I don't remember this
yeah I just don't like it together huh
but that's the story that my dad tells
whether it's true or not you know
there's a whole nother thing but go with
the flow and also stumper yeah gun go
with the flow but very stubborn and so
then he was like no you can't you know
because I'm sure what he's like I'll go
get some milk you have to have milk this
year like no I like it like this I tell
you I like it like this now forever
this is what happens when you donate
about milk you get you get a milk story
dr. Denham PhD and Tom says it's a good
thing Harvey Weinstein doesn't have the
ring he would have a heyday with it also
can I get a shout-out for Dylan and
Corey at least Dylan and and Corey at
least there you go
the latchkey kids is Jack and rich it
was announced that Babylon 5 we coming
to Amazon Prime video next month think
you might give it a shot now did Mike
ever see it and what did he think Thanks
I have no idea of Mike's ever seen it
we've never talked about it
I I don't know what I'm not planning on
giving it a shot now but I watched the
pilot once that I couldn't get through
the pilot so Babylon 5 yeah yeah sounds
about right
I know everyone tells me it gets better
it gets so much better I know
what
this looks like more arcadey
hyper light drifter light drifter I'm
okay with them I'm okay with it not to
say anything was wrong with hyper light
drifter but you know me I like I like my
my arcade eNOS skipping all this what's
this what's the deal here that we're at
a museum we're at like a museum of
ancient Wizards and they're giving us so
you're a wizard at a museum of ancient
Wizards yes oh wait I think some story
stuff is happening
oh no the ancient gem what his game is
called wizard of legend it's right down
there right down there any way to fix
the tip box in the overlay oh no what
did i do I don't know have you been
watching him I haven't no no next time
someone tips oh wait no we don't need to
wait for next time ah here hold on I
messed up apparently test donation no it
looks fine okay Jon tips for some money
that's how it should look that I just
hit the test donation button and that's
how does it look weird when someone has
a longer name is that why there are two
overlays one too big and one too small
what are you talking about I guess the
subscribers it's tiny text and the other
one it's big text
yes very weird Jack the new donate link
is down in the in the give us money or
don't box longer names move Oh longer
names move the box
ah well that's weird
why would longer names move the five
well I will fix it later
I can't fix it right now we're gonna fix
it later sorry
hammer cap says I mailed out four big
boxes of movies today
do you guys already have the VHS
adventure game doorways to horror what I
don't know that we have that one
specifically the VHS adventure game it's
the thing let's do it you send it to us
we'll do it we'll play a VHS adventure
game that's on battle tech I haven't
gotten around to it yet okay battle tech
so you've mentioned you might want to
play it we need another review you wanna
do it there and so like I was thinking
battle tech I know that Detroit game
comes out soon do you really want to
Troy I have a little curious I don't I
mean I've never played one that would be
good for huh first four hours oh sure
that's a good idea yeah that's a good
idea yeah we could I mean we could do
battle tech I know you're looking
forward to playing it and I'm just
thinking about you know what else to do
for the next review what was the other
suggestion I gave you those are the two
that stood out though there was another
one was like a I mean we could do this
maybe this maybe this but yeah we could
do battle tech if you want I think that
that's a review where you'll do most of
the talking but I'll be there too I'll
be there to give you a little back and
forth
I've heard some people really enjoy
battle tech and I do you know what I do
like I do like giant robots there you go
so I am a big fan of giant robots
oh yes mention Hyrule warriors
no no hyrule warrior completed no oh I'm
gonna stream the fuck out of that okay
okay great great great thank you
you're gonna do all the relics you're
gonna hold my clothes uh you know what I
kind of like the blue kind of like the
blue
okay thank you and you are Hyrule
warriors is great come on now look I I
understand that's the same makers of
dynasty warrior and it's basically a
dynasty Warriors game and dynasty
Warriors is brainless mashing shit
uh-huh and the problem is dynasty
Warriors is about as satisfying as
stepping out a bunch of ants
Campbell gloves
okay I want some combo gloves
searing chain
okay the irony that you dislike dynasty
Warriors and Jack the artsy fartsy guy
who loves it madness kit why y'all gotta
put me in a box I like it I like
arty-farty I like it when my art has a
meaning behind it and I also like face
off like I love big dumb action movies
and big dumb action games dynasty
Warriors is the Michael Bay of video
games it's just dumb action can you
think of another game I like that is
dumb in the way that dynasty Warriors is
dumb
not necessarily
it's like a bunch of little bunch of
little guys that aren't gonna hurt you
can't hurt you and this hoarders them
and you just mow them down and you feel
good about yourself they can't hurt you
I don't know you you Dead Rising yeah
Dead Rising is all about the timer
though man there's other shit the Dead
Rising yeah that's a bad example there's
other shit too Dead Rising the sequel
the later sequels the Dead Rising suck
because they think it's all about dumb
beat up all the zombies
Dead Rising for me though about the
timers and the bosses
okay oh cool cool great just to figuring
out how to equip stuff wear my gloves at
you and check the fact that I ran around
90% of all the zombies in my last
playthrough should tell you how I feel
about dynasty warriors cuz that wasn't I
wasn't engaged you go I'll get all the
zombies I got a I got a I got a thing I
need to do I'm gonna go do it dodge and
weave the zombies but it's not I'm a big
tough guy I'm not gonna be fun there's
different things for everyone
that's neat
okay okay great
ready to go ready to go do I play MOBAs
now ma'am Oh buzz
I don't know what I'm buying
all right let's do this Oh
cake cream
nobody should play my was their very
popular Boba's they're very popular
that's an uphill battle I'm not sure you
want to fight
crap 23 aces hey rich
longtime Gears of War player here and I
was intrigued by your review of vanquish
so I finally broke down and bought a
copy last month only to find out that it
is now free with Xbox Live Gold starting
today spread the word there you go
I guess I guess the word is spread if
you're an owner of an xbox I guess you
can get it free doubt or in with the
Xbox gold or whatever whatever that is
you pay for the Internet you got to pay
for your Internet's consoles man weird
shit yeah they they like money they sure
do like money
I thought counsels are supposed to be
cheaper well though yeah hardware right
the hardware's cheaper sometimes the
hardware is cheaper
yeah Nintendo just announced their
online thing and they're still pushing
forward with this whole in order to talk
with people online you have to use your
phone which I know a lot of I know a lot
of people are upset with this I haven't
even heard this you know they have their
app they have like the Nintendo app
uh-huh and so like for example in
splatoon if you want to like team chat
with people you need the app on your
phone in order to talk with people and I
think there's a good idea in there
somewhere unfortunately then let's like
you're listening to people through
headphones in your phone and not the
game like you know so how do you listen
to the game and your teammates without
having it just in one ear well yeah you
have to use your phone to team chat with
people okay but Nintendo is starting
their their monthly service thing things
out fuck you
if the phone goes to the sleep mode the
app shuts down your voice communication
it's bad it's it's yeah it's I I think
there was like 1/2 of an idea in there
we're like everyone has a cell phone
already so what if we use that
infrastructure in our in our online
gaming or is this a case of the switch
is already underpowered as it is so
we're asking a game to also have to
handle voice communication would you
just be asking a little bit too much I
like it that makes a ton of sense I'm
not gonna discount that possibility
okay that makes actually a ton of sense
it's a sold abox Mario's not bad plus
Mario vs. rabbits is cool yeah there's
there's a lot of neat games on the
switch I still didn't get a round of
golf sterling
oh no it's fun it's cute you know what
it's cute I never finished it to give
you my full commitment level to it but
it's a cute game it's a real it's a real
neat game they did some really
interesting stuff at the start of the
game that I wish they they would have
followed through with later on but now
siren senses Neal Breen has completed
another film yay two films since your
last breeding any chance have passed
through do you think he's just a secret
secret performance artists I'd like to
do more Neal Breen that's where we're at
nonnamous is hey guys I recently found
out that the only other thing of my life
that also has happened but also happens
on Sundays and Wednesdays is taking off
the trash and I think that's a perfect
correlation with watching you guys keep
up the great work
yeah you're welcome you're takin out
thanks for that backhanded compliment I
don't know if that wasn't even a
compliment that's a backhanded I don't
even know if it was a backhanded guy
this is an insult I think he just called
this trash yeah pretty sure
oh wait there's a shop alright I see you
post this eight thousand times
oh I don't have the ability to turn off
the dead rising timer I didn't I didn't
bitch at you from not winding a timer I
don't know why you asked that eight
thousand times sure if that's what you
want I don't care about it in I'm pretty
sure it's alright even mater didn't find
a MOT I think the game is pointless
without a timer but you do you men
I'm not criticizing what you do you can
stop spamming the chat with that now
well there you go easy peasy mods are
good mind your single player game
however you want I don't give a shit
mods are good hey rich that's a great
transition I'd like to take I like to
you know your seamless flawless
transition I'd like to take a moment to
point out how great your seams are I'd
like to talk a little bit about mods we
were talking about what game to play
today and and I kept
and I so we were talking about mods and
I came across a little thing that it was
originally the thing we were gonna play
to ferric today which was a it shocked
me a Selda link to the past randomizer
and I was like oh my God look at this
neat little thing as someone like found
a way to mess with the code of Link to
the Past I don't know we stopped here at
the randomizer is something else right
well well I came across the the world
and so there's a Link to the Past
randomizer which gives you items at
random times in the game and what gives
you access to different areas so
sometimes you'll end up with the
boomerang when you really need the bombs
or something like that yeah and it's an
interesting take on zelda i came across
another set of mods that is actually a
mash-up of a Link to the Past and Super
Metroid so randomly when you enter a
house or a cave the game just turns into
Super Metroid
and then randomly in Super Metroid the
game turns back to link to the past and
I was I was thinking I was like what a
weirdo neat premise but you know in my
head I thought the items also swapped
and so like you would get like the your
beam weapon in Link to the Past like how
crazy could it be you know you'd have
your master sword in in Super Metroid
but as it turns out it was it was a
little more cut and paste than that
sounds like rich we needed a snez
emulator and we need roms of link to the
ipad in florida super metroid because
okay so here's the thing as you as you
the chat probably knows I have a pretty
hardline stance on emulation very hard
line because I feel that most people use
emulators and roms to steal rather than
to create backups or whatever and so I'm
generally speaking against them because
it encourages thievery in my opinion
okay obviously all
chat is about to very hardly disagree
well yes right now but another thing
about me that I really like is modding I
think modding is not only fun and cool I
think it's necessary for the artform a
video game you ready to get a little
arty-farty
you get a arty-farty as you want I think
that remix culture is something that
moves our forward okay taking a Picasso
painting and finding a spin on it as a
way to move the art forward and you know
I'm a big fan of hip hop and so remixes
and sampling songs to use in in hip hop
tunes is integral to that art form and
so modding is just a way of expanding
the art of video games right but but for
some of these older games there is no
modding without roms and emulation yes
and so my love of modding and my
hardline stance of emulation my black
and white what I'm saying is there's a
little bit of grey in there there's
there's no modding of a modern game like
breadth of the wild without emulation
exactly so what I'm saying is my my
black and white is turning a little grey
okay okay
though you might be able to mod breath
of the wild on a modified we but then
yeah it's still kind of it's kind of the
same but I guess what I'm saying what
I'm saying is I'm I'm understanding more
benefits to emulation though I still
believe that and then you know like
there's a there's other things where
it's like people were talking about like
preservations
of older lost games like oh that's
that's a really important thing I do
still think though that most people get
an emulator to steal and that's wrong
stealing is wrong
so I bought a bunch of shit where do I
get my stance as it's always been
yeah if you end up emulating or pirating
something and you really enjoy the thing
you have pipe pirated give your get man
find a way to get your money to the
people who made it because they earned
it yeah
you pirated that thing and it was
awesome you know the person who made
that you know if they have money maybe
they'll keep making more things me maybe
rich they might go here there but coming
down with a hard-line stance that's just
that's not going to end piracy it's it's
it's not going to happen
oh no of course it's not gonna end
nothing nothing will end people wanting
shit for free nothing nothing well oh my
god that guy in the chat is still going
on about the bill rising timers Wow okay
oh my oh my god you were right and you
won the argument you can shut up now
do we anything you say anything you say
yep oh wow you did it you did it asshole
right
oh okay I'm getting it are we supposed
to pronounce David I know people is
David you know people don't we find out
David do you know cuz David II know is
the person I don't know okay
anyway saying hey Bros hey bro
David Dino here he spell - it√≠s eyes dit
out David Dino which I don't I don't get
that out of the series of letters in the
actual name David Dino David Dino says
you guys should play in justice - it's
the perfect time since the Senate voted
in favor of net neutrality of a net
neutrality bill the legendary edition is
cheap it has all the LC you also should
invite Jay to show him a good Batman vs
Superman story thanks I'm not against
planet yeah it's on the list of things
we've almost three and a few times and
we we had fun with the first one so yeah
nothing nothing against streaming it you
know we still have a ways to go with the
net neutrality they the Senate passed a
resolution to vote on repealing net
Mitra the net neutrality laws we still
got a ways to go but that is very
positive news something to celebrate it
you know there instead says you guys may
have already talked about it and even
though it is just a teaser the teaser
for the predator really seemed
underwhelming it looked cheap and
digital for now but it's just teaser and
Shane Black is usually reliable i I will
trust Shane black I heard a little bit
about it I haven't seen it yet I also
have not seen it cuz I'm gonna see the
movie so I don't care about watching the
trailer
crispy-fried man says rest in peace
Margaret Ruth Kidder yes Don oh gee Lois
Lane
yeah absolutely absolutely back it back
in the day by the way when you could
have fucking Lois Lane bust out a poem
right in the middle of your superhero
movie do you remember that no remember
that was say Superman goes to visit Lois
Lane and you know like she's doing her
interview thing and then he takes her
for a fly and she's 13 busting out
poetry's is beautiful I'm saying it's
weird this is that was an appropriate
spot if you're gonna bust out poetry you
don't do it when when Lex Luthor's
launching the nuclear missiles that
would have been weirder yes that would
have been much stranger
Touche rich Touche
laughs fuck fuck
girl or pinch for you who says have you
seen the Netflix show the end of the
fucking world rebellious girl falls in
love with a self diagnosed psychopath
who was secretly planning on killing her
as his first human victim not adventures
in suru the whole series is only two and
a half hours long oh I see I don't
imagine how you stretched that out so I
think I saw a trailer for it it was like
I did just watch um what did I just see
on Netflix I did not enjoy very much
maybe I shouldn't talk about it cuz
bandit was a stinker and no one's really
talking about so never mind never mind
okay I decided against it alright you
don't don't throw shit stones
you don't gotten most recent thing I
watch and I quite enjoyed it was Cobra
Kai you know what I saw of the first
episode of Cobra Kai that's cute but
they made that asshole likeable enough
they made a why they'd have a lot
likeable to me he's still a dickhead
sure they they made him appropriately
likeable where he's still a big dickhead
I don't know if I want him to succeed
but it was cute I thought oh don't you
want to see him become a better person I
do want to see him become a better
person so no yeah oh no you know what I
saw the first two episodes cuz I also
saw the Ralph Macchio focused one uh-huh
yeah I'm bored whenever he's on screen
yeah but like to me this I wish the
focus of the series wasn't quite a split
I just don't give a shit about Danny
Larusso it's it's a nice yin and yang
so I'm gonna say it I'm gonna say it was
it was it was all cute I agree that it's
a cute cherish this though they they
constructed a show without a clear
villain and when it came to the to the
last episode they like usually in any
kind of movie you have a clearer like
y'all you know the good guys gonna win
and this is the good guy I
no idea who was going to win in the end
of the Cobra Kai sir oh sure
I have legitimate suspense and that I
did not know how the writers were going
to resolve the situation because it's
there's a lot of gray area in Cobra Kai
there's not this one's the hero and this
one's the villain hole it's a whole lot
of gray yeah yeah yeah which is very
nice about the show wait do they have a
rematch only at a very roundabout way
but not they don't have a fight
oh I did I did not sign up for YouTube
read to watch the show I I wanted to get
rid of ads and and still have a
conscience you know I don't want to use
adblock but I was I was I was sick to
death of ants yes and YouTube red is
100% worth it yep oh man it is great
just just the no ants
I literally the only exclusive YouTube
read content I've I've watched is Cobra
Kai yeah oh I liked that one
okay I get it again yeah like I said I
was cute that is also the only YouTube
read show I have ever ever watched and
you know it kind of looks like a YouTube
read show I'll be honest with you mm-hmm
it looks like a couple kids from YouTube
recorded that which one Cobra Kai okay
yeah I can that's what it looks like you
are wrong it looks kind of bass it looks
like a TV show that's it looks like a TV
show I'm sorry we're gonna greet
disagree all right
and you know what I'm not even say I'm
not saying it looks it looks basic as an
insult
I'm glad that they are not necessarily
worrying about super high production
quality just yeah they're making
something that's that's fun and
interesting and they got to make it
cheap so you know oh I don't get to keep
it oh I like that one
okay so anything I buy in the dungeon is
only for the dungeon I don't unlock it
later
good good to know
it looks like Jack is crazy it looks
just like any WB show content wise you
know it's it's better production wise I
think WB has a little on them it looks
like a little TV show to me I'm you know
it's it's not I don't think it's an
insult to say that it it looks cheap but
because there's so much more to a show
than just how it looks
future press down beasts is hey rich and
Jack hi future Prez are B yeah and to hi
to Alex who will watch the stream later
hi Alex
question the ability what for us or for
Alex Ross okay you know what I'm just
gonna say for Alex and not answer it
this is a question for Alex yeah watch
this later Alex
the important question coming up if you
had the ability to travel back in time
and alter one critical life decision to
the betterment of your current life what
would you change and why love you guys
Michael Alex you answer that question
for a future president later and let us
know what you said
yeah we're interested
a dark katana how do i do use that I
don't know you'd probably swing it it's
a katana
Touche
dr. Denham PhD in tum says is stealing
really wrong when it's from companies
that charge more than what they're said
product is worth isn't pirating a bit
like being Robin Hood stealing from
multi-million dollar companies giving to
the poor aka me there's great debate on
what Robin Hood actually did back in the
day and no no because what what you're
what you're saying is what you're saying
is because they charge too much money I
still want the thing I'm just not going
to pay for it if you really were
sticking it to them you just wouldn't do
the thing right like oh this video game
I really want to play it but $50 that's
too much but I really want to play it so
I'm gonna steal it that's not that's
bullshit on you man well at the end of
the day yeah your your your kind of
stealing it and you just kind of have to
own up to that if you're gonna do it
absolutely no I mean you're you're
absolutely stealing it and you just have
to own up to it if you really wanted to
hurt those companies everyone who stole
it wouldn't be playing it and then no
one would be talking about it how guilty
you feel is up to you hmm sure sure
first a to swell house well I don't know
right how do I get you oh I'm fine not
fuck you but you know if you're a pirate
a game like this yeah if I'm not making
that much money it's probably
proportionally disproportionately
hurting the people who made this
what is it the Wizards of The Wizard of
legend right sort of legend well that
you know that's just the thing with
piracy is people start doing it and then
they start doing it for everything and
then you're not just hurting but but if
you pirate God of War you know the
person who made the texture on Kratos
his leg he probably didn't make billions
of dollars on that game he's just a
working schlub and hiring a game like
that even that it's hurting here just
some some schlub some schlub who has a
job just trying to make a living and
then and then you have these these big
triple-a companies who are saying we're
just not making the return on these
investments we got to listen we got a
lot some schlubs go yeah absolutely
absolutely and so then they start
letting schlubs go and outsourcing to
you know South Korea and and then it's
all fucked man then it's all fucked
you're not gonna stop piracy by sitting
on a high horse but just keep in mind
that if you're enjoying the thing the
person who made it really did earn that
money that they didn't get right I here
here's my counter argument to that rich
as I mentioned in the God of War review
I am a big believer of III I hate it
when people say do as I say not as I do
and so I it's not high horse it's I'm
trying to lead by example
okay okay so
yeah I get to fuck out here there's a
shop with a potion I'm gonna be smart
this time and buy a potion oh it heals
me right away I'll fuck damn it
all right well you know what we learn we
learn as we go that's how these games
work potions heal you immediately you
can't save them and use them later
that's what we learned I wish I would
have known that later though because I
would have a fight where's my fire oh I
use it my fire huh all right here we go
here we go
I like true-blue uses hey guys true blue
review I was wondering okay what was
your best and worst theater-going
experience listen because of the theater
itself or the people in it and you
agreed with Mike that movie theaters
need to die all right I don't know that
I would go as far as to say they need to
die
but I would say I don't care if they do
hmm hmm as far as best and worst
experiences I can't I can't think of any
one specific terrible experience
specifically but another was some
jackass clapping during infinity war
clearly that's just you just saw a
character you know why are you clapping
oh they literally did this they really
did the thing oh man I'm sorry
apparently they didn't see any of the
trailers dude we knew he was in the
movie I'm just thinking how fucking
embarrassing
sure sure I've I've had some I've been
I've been to some theatres that had some
that had some like really shitty likes
really subpar sound yeah and yeah and
you're just like why am I even paying
for this like when we were doing when we
were down in Houston we went to this
theater you know we had some time to
kill before our flight came back because
we we had booked a later flight but we
needed to be out of the place by a
certain time so we had like hours and
hours to go you know what okay how about
we go see a movie yeah we're down in
Houston so you know we split off Lisa
and the older one went to go see Black
Panther me and the younger one went to
go see Pacific Rim 2 because giant
robots fighting monsters yeah great and
the theater just had its it sounded like
everything was coming out of one tiny
speaker and it was a little crackle you
know I went when the basis it was one of
those and it was a small theater and I
was right under the air-conditioning
vent so I was call this money back it
was just one of those things worth
everything was a little off and she said
just a theater in desperate need of
upgrade now imagine if they serve dinner
and you had the sound of cutlery on
plates throughout the movie oh I made
that mistake with Dark Knight you
accidentally went to a just where I
ended up seeing it the dining thena
thing let's try that I'll go to shop
mistake me say oh yeah thanks were made
yes you have to be really careful with
those theatres
movie was good enough I still enjoyed it
fucks sure but
wait no is that a good thing
oh I probably care that much except time
I didn't know it was a great movie I'd
seen you know Batman Begins and I didn't
think Batman Begins was all that mmm so
ya see the sequel in a diary theater a
good dinner is fine but a shitty viewing
experience
yeah the lights are kind of on and now
right and then like the waitstaff is
walking yeah yeah you know what I
accidentally went to one of those
theaters ones yeah oh really want to
cook Oh this play right here at this
time I'm gonna be in that area great and
you know I went I went to the movie and
yeah I like oh oh shit cutlery in the
white Kennett anything I can get for you
i watch your fucking movies right but is
there anything I can get for you need
anything
hey you shut the fuck up
what was that
right ho Jeeves says riched your
performance in the last nerd crew was
impressive I don't know how you managed
so convinced we play a man forced by
financial desperation to host a video
game livestream we're answering stupid
pop culture question from fans well done
yeah I didn't I didn't have to reach
very far for that one so what's our next
tip rich anonymous says what do you
think makes for a good trailer I always
hate it when they give away the entire
movie movies like Dark City and the fall
had great trailers that didn't tell
anything about the movie while still
making me want to see them I'm almost
worried about spoilers probably than the
average person I'm more worried about
the execution of the spoilers explain oh
if I if I hear like the ending of such
and such I don't I don't care I don't go
out of my way to avoid spoilers more
often than not oh really yeah that's
interesting you don't go out of your way
to avoid spoilers yeah oh I do I do
sometimes I've even looked them up
really yeah like before you go see a
movie
I'm not necessarily like oh I'm going to
see the movie tonight why did I say that
like this is sue the sessions such a
movie I might see it someday and they
read up on it ok and I don't I just
don't care if I read the spoilers sure
sure
cheesing very cheesing very cheesing
I'm gonna get better at reading attacks
probably gonna die but that's okay
yeah I don't want another fight right
now basically even if I know what
happened in a movie yeah as long as the
execution is good in the movie I in the
movie I will enjoy it still that's fair
you know that's really fair in this

[Part II]
really Farage this so has to be made by
the people who did hyper light drifter
has nobody googled this yet the I mean
the dashing feels very nice
I want a very badly want a shop because
I could sure use one of them potions
right now
fuck not not the same dibs they're
saying not the same des
it's totally inspired by Jesus Christ
she's like I I saw this was coming out
you know every once in a while we are on
this we somehow a prereq at red letter
media calm has made its way on to emails
email lists where I just get a shit ton
of emails about what games are coming
out oh yeah he pressed Kitts and blah
blah let us know if you want you know
the keys you know for streaming well
okay oh yeah we're like we're just on a
d-list which is great and so you know I
saw this came ha I was like oh this
looks right up my alley bro you know
rogue like a little run and gun action
orientated how long we're looking at I
went to steam saw the trailer oh yeah Oh
added it to my wish list for when it
came out cuz then I get a little email
when it comes out and then it came out
just a couple days ago and I got an
email going here's your key for a wizard
of legend because you are a Kickstarter
backer of it was like what somehow I to
this on Kickstarter and completely
fucking forgot about it cuz you back so
many things on Kickstarter sorry yeah
I'm sorry you should be you should be
started yes chat they cancelled the
expanse did you hear about that I know
you're a big fan of the expanse I did
hear about that and like here's the
thing it's upsetting because I'm a fan
of the experience it also makes total
sense because I'm sure it's a very
expensive show are you left on a big
cliffhanger the seasons not over yet
okay but so this is the last season
they're gonna finish out the season
which is nice this is why I wait to
shit's done I start watching oh I like I
hope that I hope if I like Brooklyn
nine-nine also got canceled by Fox but
then two days later NBC says we got you
we got your Brooklyn nine-nine
and so now everyone's waiting on who's
gonna pick up the expands like come on
come on come on pick it up Netflix
Netflix you want the experience Amazon
is that a Sorcerer's Apprentice
reference what the broom
Oh possibly yeah hopefully somebody
wants it because I I love the experience
that's why shit gets cancelled which
Touche oh because you shame because no
one's watching it they're all waiting
you know there's just not a lot of
there's not a lot of room but I I really
I hope someone picks it up and I'm sure
it's an expensive show to produce I'm
sure it's very very expensive but more
more serious need to be like stranger
things the season is self-contained and
has an ending well this is based off of
a series of books yeah and so you know
it has an ending in the series of books
but and and really I think that kind of
binge worthy TV is a more is it is a
better way to adapt a book series I wish
that more book series would turn
themselves into into miniseries instead
of trying to make a movie out of the
book because you know try to shove an
entire book into a two-hour movie and
you're almost always going to be
disappointed but you take that same book
and you know give it 12 episodes and you
can have something really fucking
amazing and so I'm hoping Amazon or
Netflix or one of them picks it up
because gosh dang it I do like that
expanse oh yeah oh yeah I don't have
enough for you seekers
he was shot I afford anything else so I
can afford you okay
buying some new stuff I want those those
earth fists those were awesome
I am met white says hey Jacob rich that
white speaking of piracy piracy what's
your stance on region coating me
personally I hate it because I'm forced
to illegally watch foreign movies I love
I know I just don't get it what's the
reason for it I'm with you I don't get a
veer okay but I'm sure there's a reason
for it
it probably has something to do with
like the rights that where they have to
broadcast hang the right the right
holders wants more money if you're gonna
do it worldwide versus if you only do it
north probably right it's it that
probably breaks down to some sort of
bullshit so by the way expanding on the
gray area yeah go ahead region coating
is the stupidest thing like that that is
only someone trying to make more money
then then they're already making okay
region coding is dumb and I and I'm with
you like you get yourself a nice a nice
VPN service that can mask your IP and
you can watch stuff from all over the
place yeah you go forward you go for it
Alex Marr says this girl and I like each
other confirmed
we almost dated three years ago she went
with another guy they broke up six
months ago we've held hands and stuff
but when I asked her out
she said not now we're going on a road
trip alone next month what do I do
nothing this sounds like a crazy
relationship that's doomed to failure
this sounds like a one-sided
relationship like you think there's a
relationship but she doesn't think
there's a relationship so give it up in
like I I might consider not going on the
road trip if you if you can't handle it
like if you go in being like I'm gonna
go on a road trip with my friend who I'm
definitely never going to date yeah then
fine but if you keep expecting there to
be a relationship where there's no
relation yes that's on you you have
any expectation of having a relationship
yeah oh that's neat
I mean charity rejected you once get on
a dude this only ends with you looking
like a creeper kind of yeah as soon as
you give up she'll fall in love with you
yeah but that's not the kind of person
you want to be with in the first place
that's the other thing if you have
someone who's hot and coaches yeah give
it give it man give it right up nice
pretty happy with this build other fish
in the sea etc etc exactly yeah we
establish a minimum - I know I know our
line for reading them was was $2.00 this
first tip $2 twice
I'm gonna read at least one of his tips
twice but I'd like it if we could just
set a minimum and I wouldn't have I
don't have to feel like I'm rejecting
somebody because they didn't tip enough
I thought we did have a minimum but and
the reason I want to do this so I don't
get like 8,000 25 cent tips then I got
to read yeah give me one moment I will
tell you for sure whether we're good
let's try get this it up for now I'm
gonna read your tip though because you
seem like a cool dude
Vaughn VA L&N; Vaughn
yes just a random question that might
bring some interesting interesting
discussion to the table if you guys
weren't content creators what do you
think you would likely be doing now rich
as a construction worker building things
Jack as a homeless drunk friendly
homeless drunk but weren't working a
dead-end job didn't like
I don't know if I'd be a homeless drunk
like I always had jobs before I was a
console I mean I still let by the way I
have a job like I know like I know so
what I would probably doing is like
doing way more commercial work and none
of this stuff I was I would still be
doing my all of my video production work
I just wouldn't be doing it in front of
a live audience as we are now in like
let's say I wasn't doing anything video
anything yeah oh yeah then I could then
it could be anything like might still be
a butcher you know no because I gave
that I that was pretty soul sucking I
was working my way up though which would
be building his whole own home I wasn't
in construction that long and I wasn't
in like that kind of carpentry anyway
yeah I was a fire sprinkler fitter
briefly for a couple years and then the
economy collapsed right and that that
like died a very painful death yeah
let's see where was my where was my path
taking me where was my path taking me
before I decided to make the plunge into
full-time video production yeah I'd
probably some sort of like low-level
manager at some job that had security
but didn't necessarily pay very well
that's probably where that's where I was
that was the path that I was on I was
man I was managing storage sheds no and
so like a lot of my day was just walking
around making sure no one broke into the
storage sheds it was an easy job
it was a very easy job
that said I would have loved to have
built my own house that's always a dream
of mine to build your own life I would
love to be a master carpenter really I
would love to have built my own house
interesting I built my own computer I'd
say so much pride in that mm-hmm my
house I'm like order-of-magnitude were
pride this is mine where I live yeah
yeah that's interesting I feeI do I feel
the entirely exact opposite I would love
to like I'd love to have I'd love to
design my own house yeah like have input
and then give it to people who knew what
they were doing hey I'd love to know
what I was doing sure sure sure there's
like a years-long project that I would
probably regret at times but ultimately
be so glad I did it right right people
you know always think I'm so cynical
here there's the thing there's the hard
phone that is that's great so so if you
could if you know if you could make that
one decision back in the past it's like
hey become a master carpenter Wow
interesting all right I like it I like
it rich now quick say something shitty
and cynical or else
see that's not gonna believe in you
anymore
witches house that only has one bedroom
how many do you need you having
relationship problems what's that I was
reading about it was like an MPR thing
on something like 30% of all married
couples either sleep in separate beds or
separate bedrooms
yeah that's insane to me that's
absolutely insane to me
are you no one that makes a lot of sense
working different hours sure that would
make sense there's reasons for this that
aren't necessarily there are problems in
the relationship I suppose I've lived
through this one you know I've I've had
to start work at like 5:00 a.m. and she
would start it like 4:00 p.m. you know
sure sure crawl in bed when she's trying
to get her sleep right right okay all
right live live that you know what rich
that's it that's a straight up to shame
I'm gonna give that a straight up to
shame
build a room just for just for having a
nice pool table in there a lot of room
sure overhead lighting the spa it's a
nice entertaining area like like a
little like a little bar you know TV
just yeah something like that hey you
want to go to the rec room you know oh
man I'd love that yeah that'd be nice my
windows would all be my major windows
that I'll be fucking north and south oh
okay I don't want I can't stand that
fucking fucking evening Sun right my
fucking eyes and I'm trying to do
something else
sure son right there no all of my
windows are any fucking North itself I
love it
I love it you know what I'd love
speaking of like a dream home building
yeah it's it's something I look into
every once in a while I would love to
find a way and it's it's something I
could never do living in the city I'd
love to find a way to get off the
electrical grid like solar panels
haven't let me part of my dream house
I'd have those solar panels geothermal
like a little windmill just like
something and you know like the big like
the Tesla battery the Elon Musk home
battery and you're just like like
fucking I don't want I don't want We
Energies to be part of my life anymore
probably I need some well you need I
think you need to be hooked up no matter
what but like I don't want to give them
any money I'm soul is probably not gonna
cut all your needs no no this is what
I'm saying there's a pipe dream but
that's that's the dream of me I'd love
to get off the grid but it'll just never
happen because I also really like living
in a city
geothermal do you want to live on top of
a volcano yeah we see how good that's
going for for some people not know
geothermal you stick a like I you stick
a pipe way down and grind the ground
that you need to take a big fucking home
that's it that's all that's the whole
thing I know I know the name okay they
said that's a way people get energy like
that whole in Russia that whole and run
it so gonna experiment thing they did
they just keep digging and digging to
dig and intervention she's got too hot
for them to dig any further
sure wait how much does the health
potion how much do you think a healing
potion heals you all some most hello
I've played this game 0%
fuck
what should he use that healing potion
yeah you probably should have I'll go
back in these and I was like click this
guy's they asked me oh yeah well now you
see now if it does fill me up all the
way I'll get my money's worth
that's what I was worried about just get
my money's worth so he the champ wants
to know if we're gonna stream Wars
although they've never seen us do the
castle fight calamity Ganon we good a
lot of people say we're doing too much a
Zelda as it is I mean I love that's the
feedback we're getting and and I've
finally hit my my I'm good with Zelda
moment I do have the motorcycle but I
have not defeated Ganon this run I did I
spent a lot of time poking around that
castle just find it on the treasure
doing all the shit but I have not
defeated beginning so we could but I
also agree that we've been doing a lot
of Zelda yes but now you're playing too
much wizard of legend about how you feel
about this I like it I dig it
I'm getting I'm getting very strong
Gunjan vibes some gungeon not hyper
light drifter well I mean a hyper I'm a
mechanic over look okay so yeah I mean
obviously it's very hyper light drifter
and movement and stuff but as far as
roguelikes it's more gungeon than it is
say Isaac where you know you can you
choose from different spells and they
don't necessarily stack like that yeah
like they do in some of the more fun Oh
some of the roguelike said that I've
become obsessed with but it's good not
saying it's bad it's it's good the
movements tight and
get out
they even have the the beam dodging this
is so hyper light drifter but I don't
believe this is a different developer it
is believe it or by the way don't that's
just something someone in chat said so
they could be lying so I guess you don't
have to believe it
maybe shit oh shit I was gonna move the
microwave a coffin by the way chat house
our house our green screen is everything
crammed Ulan
great great solid fucking fine excellent
fucking fantastic great hyper Crom Yulin
high slick as goose shit holy shit green
screen is on point
nice nice by the way this was a twelve
dollar investment you know in a big Oh
in a big a slight that could go behind
us green screen sucks jackass
what a dickhead how do we do it there's
just a big fluorescent light behind us
well it's it's like a fluorescent tube
with LEDs inside that I've propped up on
a long Amazon box because I just today
in fact I got an order of a really long
thing for those who follow me on Twitter
my my my grid sheets for for my campaign
came today which is a really long box
and so I just propped it up on a really
long box and moved the chair and the
couch a little closer to the TV and so
now there's a really strong light on the
green screen that won't change when the
TV changes like sale I don't want any
shit I think I understand how the game
works so you get coins to spend here and
gems to spend outside so rich yeah
people chat yeah have been asking me ask
us a lot actually something that comes
up a lot in chat for newcomers is wet
and Chad the Chad talks to us and what a
Chad phrase be Chad there are another
down there down there and we're down
there the chat the chat often asks us
whether or not you and I have any
experience playing Dungeons & Dragons
No and right the answer is no yeah and I
go I have my little sigh I tried to get
in one of years ago but they were all
meanieheads they were big doodoo brains
but you know they asked a lot and and I
started kind of looking into it like it
maybe maybe well I think this is a game
I would really enjoy Dungeons and
Dragons make your own it's all the
already farty bullshit I love make my
own adventure right yeah anything I want
to come up with then the Dungeon Master
has to go along with it and find a rule
roll some dice I agree I was I was at a
used bookstore like a week and a half
ago yeah with the children getting some
books uh and they just so happen to have
a player's guide in a dungeon master
guide for decent prices cuz like new
these are like 50 $60 books but you know
if I don't feel like 20 bucks I'll pick
them up maybe maybe one day I'll start
leafing through yeah and you know start
picking it up I play many many board
games yeah I play many many video games
this is by far the worst instruction
manual I have ever come across these
Dungeons & Dragons books right and you
know I wasn't really getting weird but I
wasn't really trying and then all of a
sudden my kids got a hold of the book
and they you know like it has so many
like pictures and awesome armor and
they're like what is this so so like
they're just like dragons and fighting
and oh my god was it so I explained the
basic concept so what you're telling me
is that your son is going to be your
Dungeon Master
I'm the dungeon master what I'm telling
you is that I've been busting my ass for
a week and a half trying to understand
how to play Dungeons & Dragons and I
wrote my first campaign oh my god and we
are playing me and the kids and the wife
are playing our first game of AMD
tomorrow night and I'm it is the most
difficult game I have ever learned it is
so fucking complicated all of the all of
the little things I have before the age
of Google and YouTube I don't
anyone learned how to play this game
I'll be honest with you dddd advanced
first edition 18th edition it's the the
the latest edition is 5th edition which
everyone says is the best edition ok and
so we're using 5th edition rules
is there a starter edition what there is
is a a beginners box ok that has in it a
premade campaign yeah
and a very simplified rulebook where
where you get premade characters in a
premade campaign to go through it and
that that's like 25 30 bucks yeah and
that just kind of teaches you the basics
but like I said I found these books at a
used store and I was like I can figure
it out then you end up buying what are
the beginners kits no no no I ended up
just binge watching every YouTube video
I could and like I was watching other
people's campaign like corridor digital
is a is a YouTube channel I watch a lot
they they do like video production and
special like special effects heavy video
shorts and they had a gaming channel
while back where they went through an
entire D&D; campaign okay so stop
watching that got some ideas and then I
would start to write out my campaign my
dungeon right and so then I'd be like oh
well shit what happens here so then I'd
have to Google like how do how do
enemies attack in being like you know
just everything how do you do anything
right and because YouTube is the most
glorious thing in the world there are a
hundred specific videos of someone being
like here's exactly how to handle enemy
encounters and DMD is oh it's beautiful
it's absolutely beautiful the amount of
things on the Internet to help you with
your quests to learn
Dungeons & Dragons
gateway to Satanism Jack it is
absolutely the gateway to Zam yeah just
ask Tom Hanks wait thanks he wasn't one
of those satanic panic D&D; movies was he
I think so oh my god I could be
misremembering this but I'm pretty sure
he was in one of those dungeons and
dragons lead to evil movies interesting
maybe the movie or another made more
than one of these genre so I'm almost
done like I've written my first campaign
but you know my kids we it took us by
the way for anyone who's into D&D; we'll
get a good laugh out of this called
mazes and monsters the time Hanks won
mazes and monsters mazes and monsters
that was a real satanic panic there's
one of the first things he did oh sure
this was an established Tom Hanks Turing
and something mains right this wasn't
Tom Hanks tars this wasn't Tom Hanks too
long in fact it was Tom Hanks tizen not
when they made it mazes and mutt now I
want to see it now I want to see it
so in any case we it took us three full
days to fill out character sheets this
seems excessive
well it's our it's all of our first time
playing it okay and you know I'm doing
with children and so and so like we just
don't know what all of these numbers
mean and so that that's been the hardest
part is just figuring out what all of
the numbers mean oh we've we've got I'm
pretty I'm almost sure we've got mazes
and monsters in the other room oh really
yeah well then then I got it I'm pretty
sure we have it
fuck tiger I'm sad says yeah you have
more said mom well I can I can go in
later but going to Nathan I aren't it
says have you if you have either of you
read Patton Oswalt's theory on the
backstory for Heath Ledger's Joker it's
really interesting PS how much more DC
movie suck the Marvel movies I know five
or ten times more yeah yeah sure five or
ten times more you did it Richie do the
thing they wanted yeah I know I have not
heard this Patton Oswald Heath Ledger
Joker is is that the one where patent
patent suggests that Heath that or that
the Joker character is like a is former
military okay and he's using
psychological warfare on everyone which
is why he tells everyone a different
story as far as the origin of his face
with with the gangsters he talks about
his father because if they're gangsters
they most likely have daddy issues with
Rachel he tells a story of a love loss
to play on her sympathies and there's
other things where it's like he's a
trained military officer who becomes a
psychopath okay I believe was that it
nailed it okay great that was it
it works like to as an example he's when
he's hiding out in the core during the
funeral yeah he knows the routine yeah
and that's something only a military
person would okay might know okay he's a
CIA torturer oh yeah yeah so something
like that he has a military background
and he's good with psychological warfare
but I thought that was an interesting
theory Patton's always good he knows
what's up first I'm hearing about yeah
it's interesting
imaginal Trevor says hey Jack and rich
hold on first of all hey I smell mazes
and monsters okay okay
magical Trevor says hey Jack and rich do
either of you get flight jitters what is
the best plane related anecdote you can
share thanks for the stream
I I am convinced I'm going to die every
time I get on an airplane I make sure I
say my good-byes before I get on the
plane hey Karen you know I love you
right
but just what you know I love you
alright goodbye goodbye
and I know I love flying I think flying
is a great way to travel and no I don't
get any flight jitters ever it's I hate
planes I hate flying hate it I don't
know how I deal with it I just have to
right right like I have no good advice
for you but no I love it I don't know if
I have any good like plain anecdotes my
my only my the big story I have I have a
a parenting story about being total
dickheads on a plane is when my oldest
was oh god how old was he I don't even
know if he was walking it like eight so
eight ten months old we took him on a
very long plane ride yeah
and due to a series of circumstances a
series of lucky circumstances actually
we got into first class and so it was it
was Lisa and I on first class with our
810 month old baby at that point and it
was one small plane like you know
Milwaukee I think actually might have
been like Milwaukee to Chicago and then
you know O'Hare or whatever out to some
place far away and our first plane ride
everyone was happy that you know Parker
was you know everybody was happy
everybody was great on our second plane
ride we thought it would be really fun
to have him look out the window and uh
you know our first plane was like in the
morning so everything was dark but he
was having a great time so he looks out
the window and he apparently is old
enough to notice that the earth is
falling away from him and not so old to
understand that he's in an airplane so
he starts whaling
literally uncontrollably for the next
four hours yes yes straight and everyone
is trying to console him ever like
flight attendants are like is it his
ears and we're like it's not as ears you
know like yeah we enter how do you
explained it like all these random
straight and we're in first class
because like I said a series of very
lucky circumstances and to all the
people in first class yep you got a
crying baby we're very very sorry and we
felt like total dickheads sorry I bought
a first-class ticket shit and like I
said I think I think we like like a
family member had points or something
and so we got a free upgrade yeah yeah
yeah you give new parents will give you
the upgrade do something like that
and so the here's the real shit of it is
you know we get we get to the place we
have a great time we go to fly back and
we notice that the people around us are
the exact same people on the plane trip
back yeah and we're like on the way back
though he only wails uncontrollably for
two hours instead of fours okay okay
yeah what are you gonna do what are you
gonna do nothing
the answer is nothing but no real other
anecdotes you know my joke is usually
the best piece of life advice I ever got
was from a flight attendant who said
please make sure that you have yourself
secured before attempting to assist
another which is that's just good life
advice so Logan says rich if you could
make your own Star Trek series what
would be the era setting characters plot
etc you would shoosh that's a whole lot
richer I haven't thought about making my
own Star Trek theories I just enjoy the
Star Trek that's out there I rich I'd be
worried about you producing a Star Trek
series because I think you have very
little experience producing a television
show or writing a television show and so
I'd be really suspect how about this how
about we just do Voyager right oh yeah
what did you wipe that slate clean yeah
scratch what the concept fuck yeah rich
I'm ready let's do it I love that idea
take the things that worked and then
we'll get rid of 99% of everything else
yep
Jack do you have any thoughts on this I
know I love it I'm with you I I call
associate producer
I think that's a brilliant idea just do
voyage you're right I'm down
Garnica says hey Jack and rich hi I have
watched Cooper kine and the show was
great question is there be a half in the
bag episode including the 1984 Karate
Kid I haven't watched the original
chronic in and did it age well I'm
crossing my fingers hmm I wouldn't plan
on seeing it in half of the bag or a
review or anything I don't I don't have
especially strong thoughts on the
original karate thing yeah I did rewatch
it because of Cobra Kai sure that's a
little bit cheesier and I remembered but
still good movie well yeah yeah of
course it's cheesy it's the Karate Kid I
don't notice it it's cheesy when you're
a fucking Tendo that's younger now and
that came out that's true that's true
uh you know what true dentin Karate Kid
all those Karate Kid movies was it the
second one where he went to Japan yes
and what was the third one I never saw
the third one the third one is when he's
back home and actually starts taking
lessons from the sensei at Cobra see I
know that because like I you know I said
I don't mind
spoiling things yeah I just looked at
the Wikipedia page for 30 for credit kid
3 that's like the other day or two ago
or whatever whatever's one else watching
Cobra Kai yeah I don't want to watch
credit Kid 3 and what happened in it
yeah lessons from the evil guy the evil
Sun sigh from the first movie he comes
back and wants revenge
it sounds ultra cheesy I did love that
speaking of Cobra Kai one of my favorite
scenes I think it's in the second
episode it's in the Danny Russo episode
yeah is when his daughter's boyfriend
comes over for the first time and he is
like as The Karate Kid would be just
super into Asian tradition and Asian
culture and he shares with the kid his
love of you know sushi me and like the
special a knife and Okinawa Oh oh my god
like like this is something that's
really important culture so that's
really important to me because of you
know my father figure and blah blah and
then the kid was just like I don't
really like sushi yeah yeah I was like
oh I feel you I feel you Danny Russo I
loved it yeah it's like it's a lot of
cute stuff in there in Cobra Kai I'll
probably watch more I will probably
watch more yes Karate Kid 2 started
right after the first movie to the point
where I thought the beginning of the
Karate Kid 2 is actually on the ending
to the Karate Kid Part 1 oh the the
opening of The Karate Kid 2 is mm-hmm
it's immediately after the victory
oh yeah like outside in the parking lot
I don't remember I don't remember
specifics
it's the it's the famous scene where mr.
Miyagi beeps the evil sensei's nose oh
that's - that's - that's not the end of
why I was thinking that was the end of
one yeah just the beginning of - oh
interesting my memory had blurred the
two movies well of course I'll fuck you
game fuck fuck I'm dead I'm dead I'm
dead the opening scenes and the
conferred confrontation in the parking
lot with crease were in the script for
the Karate Kid 1984 according cinnamon
but contrary to urban legend never
filmed they were shot specifically for
part two but they were in the script for
one I find that interesting
honestly it should have been in one
because the whole bit was that since I
was the real evil he was the real jerk
yeah the bad he was the real bad guy and
he never got his comeuppance until the
beginning of the second movie right
what are my thoughts on the Hilary Swank
next Karate Kid movie I never saw that
and I never saw the drop link on his
name the Jaden Smith no the other kung
fu guy master what's his freakin name
Jackie Chan Jackie Chan I never saw the
Jackie Chan one either Jackie Chan Jaden
Smith right yeah yeah you know what I
never saw that one either though I heard
good things about it
I have no idea if it's good or bad
I heard decent things about it but never
thought just cuz I didn't care at that
point
yeah are you okay did you get died
it's a fucking hard game it's called
Karate Kid and Jackie Chan is a kung fu
master
hey hey yeah Jackie Chan is from Hong
Kong
why the fuck would he know Japanese
karate I don't know maybe maybe the same
way in Italian denning the ruse would
learn karate right somebody somebody
taught him what a bunch of dummies
maybe somebody taught him fucking hell
fucking hell you people can't know
karate he's from Japan he can't know
karate can't right now to tell you
people what's in it what's with you okay
it doesn't learn fucking karate in the
movie no shit he teaches the other kid
somebody else taught him no they say the
batter worries from I think in the movie
that teach kungfu is that is the joke
but is it I think I think that's what
they're saying is in the movie they're
actually learning kung fu even though
it's called the karate kid that's that's
my that's what I'm picking up through
context clues oh okay I think I think
you're context clues are written on the
wrong cue cards I don't like it's very
possible jack is right oh my god my
context clues are on point oh my god
well I am I am shocked and confused
that that I'm correct answer
on your back there's a reason I supposed
to be called the kungfu kid
it's an interesting name a bad name
somehow kungfu kid sounds really bad but
karate kid does not why is that Flo
Karate Kid sound good Crotty kid yeah
kung fu kid it sounds slightly better
hmm plus you're used to hearing it for
the last 35 years there we go
that's that's the real that's the real
no diggity
I'll pocket deathtraps is hey Jack hi
did you see Jenny Nicholson's review of
infinity war her constantly comparing it
to Twilight Zone episodes just made it
seem like she's trying to copy Mike with
Star Trek um have no idea what this is I
think I saw this I think I saw that no I
that was all to set up an end bit where
she did she did a whole Twilight Zone
that was a bit that was like set up and
payoff bits I think I had that on in the
background at some point I do enjoy
Jenny Nicholson I think she's very funny
but I mean if what you're saying is no
one can reference anything because
referencing things is exclusive to Mike
is that is that what you're going for
there it's like people freaking out and
we do a movie that was on Mystery
Science Theater you can't do that that
Mystery Science Theater already did that
so guess what that's how it works man
but no I think I saw that video I know
what John you're talking about and she
kept she kept on saying like oh this in
infinity war was kind of like this
Twilight Zone episode this and then at
the end she had like a big Twilight Zone
episode zinger thingy come and so no I'm
gonna say that's different how about
that is it really different I don't know
somebody says rich since you like big
robots and from software do you know
their old armored Corps series not as
slow as MechWarrior not as fast as zone
of the enders but it does have
borderline pointless customization down
to adding weights to affect balance and
thus handling oh I I don't have much
experience with the games I think I
rented one of them once MechWarrior I
armoured Corp oo Armored Core so I I'm
just sorry I just I don't have much to
add to that
like that's not negative or positive I
just I have I have no experience we're
talking about with the series so yeah
farmer pips says for Rich's rec room
what classic arcade machine or pin
pac-man or pinball would he have in it
my pick would either be the six-person
x-men arcade Doctor Who pinball Cheers
the classic pac-man the classic do you
guys know rich he's a pac-man nut
pac-man nut the six-person x-men arcade
cabinet for me would be fantastic yeah
though that is so big you would have to
literally build a house around it like
that it's it's just it's a six-person
arcade cabinet it's giant and ridiculous
but I played that a lot in my local
arcade I'd love that
no not miss pac-man miss pac-man has
shitty mazes I mean it's nice that there
are different mazes but their shitty
mazes you can tell the difference yes
miss Pakman has those long ass quarters
that are easy to get trapped in so you
lose a life so you have to add in
another quarter because you die sure
sure Galaga would be another good choice
Galaga yep
don't Kayla go you know like ain't
nothing wrong with a little classic
Frogger just just something simple never
my jam the Frogger is simple
a pinball machine would be great I think
like I don't play a ton of pinball I'm
no pinball wizard but I do you know like
I'm down with pinball paperboy paperboy
paperboy fun game fun game paperboy
interest I mean I'm with you is what I'm
saying I'm with you but interesting pick
interesting I like paper boy where were
you and I just playing paperboy recently
I might have talked about it
bizarrely recently we're replaying it
though
I don't think so I have a real strong
sense that I was playing paperboy
recently why is that well apparently not
so recently that it's clear in your head
right
recent enough though where like I was
playing paperboy recently
all right great I could say I would not
have fucking Hubert I never got or liked
Qbert yeah I'm with you like I'm not
gonna go as hard to say fuck Qbert but
kind of fuck you I'll say fuck Qbert
I'll go that far fuck Hubert Wow
all right so the secret with this make
them all Phii have a spell that turns
some enemies into friendlies but if you
turn all the enemies into friendlies
they don't fight each other
yeah just turned like like a couple of
them into friendlies that's the that's
the key how about the four player TNT
cabinet that's good
it's a fine game yeah I I would as far
as like you know side-scrolling beat'em
ups go I'd prefer I take x-men any day
over turtles did turtles in time also
have an arcade cabinet release good good
what if you have if you haven't one of
the turtles games your turtles in time
as an arcade cabinets turtle sometime
absolutely I don't know the answer to
that
that's a that's a great question as sick
as I am of Star Wars the Star Wars
arcade cabinet it was pretty fucking
sweet
what did that wireframe flying
first-person flying an x-wing oh yeah
what drew graphics what is what is that
what was that game that you went around
in a circle
torence know where you were like a
tempest tempest oh I fucking The Tempest
oh I'll take the Star Trek the Star Wars
arcade game over tempest oh yeah oh yeah
oh I could play me some tempest wretches
oh no shit I'm old motherfucker tempest
was fucking great I think I remember
playing this star with that Star Wars
game like on an early Macintosh
that's my recommend I don't know if I
ever played that in an arcade fuck it's
the bad guy
Oh
i season
or I see a nun's I sees an unexplored
area
right here
all right never played the arcade
version of punch-out a bit curious to
play that will be this is a great arcade
game oh come on you know it didn't exist
Polybius is an urban legend a fun one
I was a YouTube channel someone did a
really great video on Polybius where he
really went and just tried to track down
the origin of the myth yeah I can't
remember who did it this is real isn't
really good our video that came out a
few months ago not AVGN
ahoy I think I was it was a high
ahoy ya cool
but he would like the earliest mention
was here over here that was published by
this website owned by him let's try and
track him down sure she really went to
try and find the origin I think you
showed me that yeah and in here like we
did a deep dive and just like like
polybius is obviously a myth but who
started it yeah yeah yeah doesn't he I
was talking to you about doing it for
Halloween oblivious yeah but there like
there was just nothing to add to it
after I saw that video and I think that
you know yeah the after you showed me
that a whole video and I was like
there's no way we can add to this joke
let's just let's just point out how
great that video is Libya SIF you don't
knows we're talking about it a lot right
now give the backstory it's an old urban
legend that back back in the 80s oh
there was this arcade cabinet it only
showed up and I forgot where it was like
the Portland area or the Pittsburgh area
some some kind of localized area and the
people who played it they did the game
did things to the brain and then the men
in black came and took all the machines
some got a government mind control
experiment for video games
ah dang it
yeah the original creepypasta your years
before creepypasta was a thing right
yeah and they would collect the data
from the machine that's right yeah some
site a kind of social experiment this
one might be fun this one might pair
well with my rock fists Jack do you
recommend this game uh maybe maybe is
the answer to person and Chad who asked
uh I mean you can kind of see you can
kind of see what it is you know it's
very challenging
I could see giving it 100% of my
concentration
getting decently far in this I'm
probably gonna play it a little bit off
of stream I don't know if it's something
that I can become fully engrossed in
like I'm like with something like a
binding of issac right but I could
definitely see getting a few hours into
this absolutely like if you like this
kind of balls-to-the-wall fast-paced
deep customization game yeah it's pretty
nice so far it's pretty neat I don't
hate it
which I know that's a glowing review I
don't hate it
I feel bad playing it on streams just
because I feel like if I want to talk
about anything I need to stop playing it
which might be a very positive to the
game like it requires your attention
right right I'm like dynasty warriors oh
I could play that once once I get a
Hyrule warriors rich we're gonna have
great conversations
Eliza oh yeah really let's talk
about them complicated mouth yes yes yes
I'll tell you all about my D&D; campaign
it'll be great I made up I'll show you
this I shared this on Twitter but I'll
share this with you rich I got a little
bit I'm getting into it yeah into the
whole D&D; thing into the dungeon master
thing making making my own level so what
I decided was that they are gonna be
playing as a employed treasure hunters
they they're just low-level treasure
hunters right but they get a mysterious
scroll apps no no no that I made this oh
you made that I printed it out oh I
printed it out and you know it has like
yeah I made a little backstory and and
then I crumpled the paper you're gonna
do it oh yeah is that okay I saw and I
crumpled the paper to make it look old
and so that's that's their first clue to
the treasure dorg door
well what's and what else has been great
is you know like a lot of D&D; is just
kind of theater the mind stuff but a lot
of people use miniatures yeah and we
don't have many miniatures but we have a
million and a half Legos right my brain
wet and so the children have been like
they make their guys and Legos we've
been making like Lego treasure chests
and stone golems and stone walls for the
stuff so we're gonna make an entire lego
dungeon and so they've been super as it
like what do you need what do you need
that what's in your story this is taking
over your household it's good oh it's
gonna not just your life but your entire
family's life it's going to ruin an
entire room while we're playing D&D; but
you know they're just they're like dad I
built an ice dragon can we have an ice
dragon in the game and I was like why
the fuck not let's do it let's get him
in there you know people in the chatter
offering you DM pointers DM pointers I
don't do you want advice from people who
do this sure the answer is yes
but here is the downside to that because
I have never played the game and I have
never deemed I might not understand your
advice and so currently it might not
mean anything to me okay and so feel
free to give me a DM advice knowing that
it might not sink in until after I fail
once yeah you know but I'm really that
the kids are about to explode because
we've been waiting for some materials to
come yeah it's so fun I was like okay
Thursday night we can we can start
playing Thursday night it's cute fucking
do you do its that's cute that's what
I'm really excited I'm really excited to
play meanwhile Lisa is thinking this is
great I have the house to myself well
the boys are nerding out I'm resuming
she's going to be joining she's playing
yeah she she is a half-orc barbarian
which we needed to do because both of
the boys picked the older one picked a
magic class which wasn't very strong and
the younger one wanted to be a thief a
sneaky thief who uses a blood dagger to
kill people and I was like yes you're my
kid but neither of them have high
strength points and so it was like Lisa
you got to you got to be someone who's a
bruiser yeah
just to balance the team so we have a
halfling rogue a human druid and a half
orc barbarian who are treasure hunters
and yes I am so fucking excited oh I am
very excited to play Jack can you post
pictures of your lego D&D; models yes as
soon as we get it all on the table I'll
post some more pictures to the to the
D&D; thread this is an adorable story I'm
the the kids are really into it and and
you know just just the idea of like like
you can in the in the game like tell me
what you want to do and they're like
yeah yeah alright alright so you know
they're gonna want to do stupid shit cuz
they're kids right yeah but that's okay
your story expects everyone to go to the
north and they're gonna want to see the
mountains in the southwest but and
that's fine I have to do as a DM I need
to deal with that right I need to be
able to do plan on railroading them
where you want to go are you going to
adapt well my my first the their first
mission is only in a cave okay
so then I did that very purposefully so
we couldn't do anything and so it's like
their their quest is to find the
treasure in the cave and the cave
currently has nine chambers yeah and you
know it's a grid and so like I've just
made some of the chambers interlocking
some have keys some have puzzles some
have traps some have enemies and so like
what I'm working on right now is like
varying but you know for example one of
my rooms is like a large dining hall
right and I put enemies I know they're
coming in from one side and so I put
enemies on the other side and they're
eating and sounds like okay you have an
opportunity to sneak up to him I gave
him some height advantage so they could
get height advantage but then I was like
oh if this is a dining hall we should
really have a kitchen off of it right
then I'm gonna kitchen off of it with
another entrance so if they wanted they
could go through the kitchen but then
there's a gonna be another guy in the
kitchen who's cooking food right so the
guys cooking food so then I was like oh
wait a guy's cooking food another
opportunity to take these guys out is
earlier in the dungeon in one of the
chests is a vial of poison you kids
aren't gonna figure this shit no no of
course I just it's just plain and so
like what if they pick up the vial of
poison and that's if they search the
chest then they could put it in that
they could sneakily put it in the food
and kill all the guys with poison or
attack them it like I'm trying to give
them option oh and there by the way you
know what they're gonna do they're just
gonna run up and hit him with you sauce
I know but I know but I'm putting in the
legwork god damn it I'm trying to give
them as many options as I would want so
we'll see if it works out and you know
Lisa's playing with them so hopefully
she'll be able to like she'll be
intelligent
you know not to say my kids are the kids
you know hey the kids oh yeah they're
gonna be dumb hit him
Pro Austen ceases Jack I'm Jack rich
you're rich wait screen scrolled and I
got away for the slow laptop 200 is
nothing terrible yeah no we're honor
that's our next next that's the next
project that's the next purchase
absolutely
it won't even do anything oh no come on
scroll down a little bit just just a
little bit jack rapture okay enjoy some
money as I ask a few questions that I
will hear the answers to later on
YouTube you get it I'm glad you get it
finals week at my college and I'm about
to be boned first your thoughts on
gamestop rich I assume you're not there
often due to PC master-race that would
be correct it sounds like the sleazy and
horrible they can be there they're
hustling it sounds like I wouldn't want
to work there right thoughts on gamestop
yeah the prices on used games aren't
even that great anymore no I do enjoy
that they they will take my used games
and as someone who buys a lot of games
wouldn't you be better off just selling
on eBay
yeah but this hassle I know it is that's
time and my time is worth more okay I'm
a gaming pak-rat
I have to despise the game before i
partly sure yeah I know and I'm okay
letting stuff you know overall I'm okay
with it like I would much prefer like
you know you can probably get a cheaper
on eBay or Amazon or Walmart or any
other place but I do like that they have
a lot of game stuff I've kind of I'm
ambivalent towards Game Stop if they go
away it's not gonna drastically change
my life
so alright well go away sooner or later
next console generation we're gonna see
the end of physical media mm-hmm I could
see that Xbox tried there were one
generation too early and sony Sony beat
them down for it oh the fans beat them
down for it
fucking hell you people they could have
had something great at the e3 where they
announced the new consoles it's it's
gonna be digital only and it's not gonna
have the same backlash yeah yeah I agree
and then there will be no reason to own
a console
demon except for the exclusives right
except for the console exclusives hmm
did you see that gym quiz Asian episode
on console exclusives no he did he did a
very good episode like recently recently
okay if y'all don't worry I remind you
plug in the gym position okay I figured
quality Jim sterling he's quality
buildings quality yes quality dude did
an episode recently on God of War for
got on the new god of war and how that
is helping make the case for console
exclusives as a big triple-a game kind
of kind of a what it's not a sure thing
they didn't go back to the God of War
formula they they didn't go back to the
old God of War formula they were taking
a bit of a risk with the new god of war
game and many studios might not have
taken the risk had they not had
financial support from Sony and so in
this case it's saying that well because
they have the stability of Sony and the
backing of PlayStation that they could
take a bit of a risk in a big triple-a
game okay and yeah not a not a bad
argument for the console exclusives
though I do agree consoles cruces are
crazy mostly just because I want to play
stuff where it when I want to play stuff
but he makes some valid arguments you
have a game that's that's digital only
on a console chair yeah you really love
it it's your favorite game ever yeah but
you know they're on the duronto that
they've moved down to the next
generation and the store for the old
console they you know the digital stores
closed down ya know they don't do the
ps4 games anymore they're just doing the
PS 5 games they're getting ready for the
PS 6 games
yeah but then your console breaks you
can't download your favorite game ever
again Jack it's gone forever that's a
pasta it's gone forever but you know
it's not because they'll just remaster
cuz they always remake and remaster
everything that's why I like the
physical media
well me maybe maybe was a game that you
really liked it wasn't that popular who
sure she wasn't that popular there's no
there's no remake of it yeah yeah
sometimes that's that's how the cookie
crumbles but I I'm with you I understand
I understand what you're saying I'm
picking up what you're putting down III
like having a hard copy I'm not even
that big on Steam as everyone knows I
mean I like that you get games cheap and
you know easy be easy to find good sales
on PC because it steam but it is just a
DRM leasing service and your your kind
of ads steams mercy which is why it's
gonna suck when Gabe Newell leaves or
dies yes GOG gog.com baby that's where
you got to go
what is what is your deal pinata
that's what emulators are for rich oh I
agree I'm hardly anti emulation riches
lands for emulation right super for it
what is that too
well that's neat
I'm gonna figure out that pinata saying
that's the same as physical the physical
copy is just the license to play the
game no servers or no longer supported
DRM that disk is just as useless as a
cupholder here's here's the thing though
and PC you might be able to find a way
to back up your own damn files sometimes
yeah like I have I have a whole set
might my Steam games for the most part
on their own separate hard drive okay
I've I've tested this out I can just
plug and play that thing onto a
different computer and it recognizes
those games without having to be
redownload uh-huh okay so in theory I
can have a backup copy and every one of
my Steam games at least as far as the
media is concerned some of those games
like the phone home that's a whole
different issue right the the online DRM
yeah the the purchase verification yeah
yeah I'm with you but at the very least
I am able to make backups of the actual
game content right right well that's you
know that is a very nice feature of
something like GOG yeah they do they
just offer that right out of the guy
load the executable you don't have to
worry about phoning home to the server
to play the game you've erm free free
yeah that's why I always do gog when the
option is available play it if you got
play it if you got it that's free slogan
you're welcome to yo G in fact there's
shit I'm gonna buy again when and if it
ever comes out on GOG you're gonna
repurchase that the first the first
second I can yeah like what like if doom
were to ever come out like the new doom
word everyone here 2016 doom I'm
immediately buying it really so I got a
dear drm-free copy in my back pocket hmm
alright that's good to know interesting
and I'll figure you out weird to pay for
it again but I like supporting GOG
absolutely the second I can find it a
fucking drm-free copy of X comma and
XCOM to the new ones
yeah of goj that ever shows up on GOG my
I'm buying it immediately those some big
those are some big titles you're talking
about yeah
I'm with you they're rich and you know
what more like more so like if your III
I have to beat him quickly I get him
even beyond the whole DRM thing thing
with GOG we we need to in our online
marketplaces encourage competition steam
has such a fucking grasp we're like you
said if it weren't for Gabe and his team
yes they could be evil need to be very
evil if they wanted they have the
infrastructure to be very evil they got
the corner and they got the invention
infrastructure so we need to encourage
more competition in online marketplace
video games they don't you know what
we're getting there like people are home
brewing and home selling their own stuff
we got Humble Bundle who's giving
downloads now we got we got GOG we got
four smaller games we got H Donahoe
there there are options but we could use
a couple more big domes yeah
I know what your three released on GOG
but doesn't CD Projekt RED don't they
own GOG yeah yeah so that's not shocking
right oh yeah they're gonna they're
definitely gonna release on their own
shit fuck fuck fuck

[Part III]
throw Austin see also ass what do you
think / know about video game addiction
you may scoff but students all around me
drop out of college and damaged their
lives due to seriously not being able to
put the controller down I've dealt with
as well still safer than meth no I don't
I don't have much experience with
somebody who is addicted to games I mean
you know that's that's just any you can
addiction like like I play like you know
I play a lot of games but if I have to
go to work I'm gonna put down the
controller and go to work yeah yeah the
I think these are people who if video
games didn't exist would be addicted to
something else
I can't even even met somebody like this
so you've never met someone who just
can't do anything but gaming who I would
say is a gaming addict no well and
here's why you've never met them they're
inside gaming is they're not outside
meeting new people you're the only other
person I know who is in the game there's
a gamer
yeah damn well that's true but I'm also
not addicted to game so I go out and do
new things which is why you know me I I
have known some people who have dropped
out of my social circles who spend a lot
of time gaming really not necessary not
saying that that's why but what I can
say is as soon as we stopped seeing them
their gaming time because you know we're
still like friends with them online went
way up and so like maybe a little gaming
addiction maybe a little social anxiety
maybe a bunch of things but I do know of
some people and like I said these are
people who would have been addicted to
something else cuz addiction isn't about
the thing it's about the addiction but I
I'm not an expert impaction yeah alright
I think it can be a problem okay
apparently it's a big problem like South
Korea
have you heard those stories of people
who go to like gaming cafes and then
don't 30 actually have heard the same
World of Warcraft or something yeah yeah
or like dota and they like they have to
be carted away in an ambulance because
their legs you no longer work and you're
like what the heck is wrong with you
that's the famous case the old famous
one then that kid who had a heart attack
playing berserk in the arcade but that's
the thing that's an urban legend I don't
know if it's actually true but hey yeah
it can be tough it can be tough I think
even even all of beyond addiction III
think we're going to have a we're gonna
have a creative problem in a few years
you think what I mean not you and me
okay III think there there will be a
generation that is lacking in some
creative fields because there is too
much now that can take up their time
there's so much television there's so
many video games there's so many things
to do and those kids in the 50s or
spending all their time playing you know
marbles they're not gonna be able to do
anything they get older they're just
models marbles marbles what they had
marbles and they had a hoop they're
going on hula hoop bikes
I'm works works not gonna get done
anymore in societies gonna collapse in
that that rock and roll music here's
what I'm worried about rock and/or roll
it's one it's the devil's music and you
know that have you seen him shaking his
hips he's enticing those young ladies
here's okay here's here's what I'm
worried about
I think there is nothing more important
to the creative mind than boredom okay I
think when you are bored as a creative
person it pushes you to do something
exciting and weird and dumb right and I
think we have reached a point where
there is no there's very little ways to
be bored there is so much to take up
your time there are so many things to
take up your time
and then these kids aren't gonna be
bored and so they're never going to do
something dumb
Jack yeah if we've created a society
where we are never bored yeah and all of
our needs are always met well those are
two different things just kind of one at
that point now those are two different
things you got to be bored man being
bored okay when people's needs aren't
being met yeah they're going to need to
go out and be creative no we're like if
your needs are that's not true at all
being bored and having your needs met
are two very different things
Jack you don't you don't think when they
have to go get a nine-to-five job
they're not gonna be bored during that
job the final way to sneaking is some
game playing in the jaw you know they
will they'll sneak it in I guess you
know it's not like a huge concern of
mine but like it sits somewhere like at
least with with like my own children I
do I definitely like make sure to be
like you just know no TV no video games
no nothing just be bored and entertain
yourselves for a little bit figure out
figure out how to just play with your
toys
but that that is very possibly just old
man Jack rantin so try not to read too
much into that sometimes my old man this
comes out more that's fun I know I don't
know that I agree with you I'm leaning
towards old man jack but all right you
know what I'll take it
I'll take old man Jack their kids
nowadays the kids rich playing video
games one there on my lawn he says well
he's playing video games those kids I
just play those video games all day my
favorite line is my favorite line is
when I tell my kids they can't play
video games while I'm currently playing
a video game and they do they point that
out as it is this is for work I'm
working is what you say it's good to be
the adult it's good as I'm working here
kids like they're like can we do this
for work and I was like yeah sure
do it then I won't hassle you none
as I'm here playing video games yeah
what are you gonna do
Tomic mousetrap says fifth edition' is
the easiest addition of the game to
learn so you chose well great without
having to teach you the game three days
is pretty good I hope your family enjoys
it yeah me too me too I I hope we get a
kick out of it I I feel like at this
point like I said I've been I've been
like hardcore studying the books for
like the past six days or so mhm
watching youtube videos watching other
people play campaigns just so it's like
oh wait he just rolled a die there but
he didn't tell me why he rolled to die
but I definitely said like he rolled and
that number meant something okay what
does it mean when you know like Google
like the situation and then I find like
a reddit thread about like these
specific rules oh okay that's that's why
he rolled the dice okay great
so I think I have a basic understanding
of the rules and yeah hopefully I don't
fuck up too bad how do we decide what
game to stream it's literally just
alright you feel like anything what do
you feel like yeah literally that and if
we have a strong feeling you know the
other person says okay or maybe not I
don't think that's a good idea because
right usually usually it's like today I
had I had I want to say I brought rich
for options yeah one got him eliminated
immediately I didn't remember what it
was but I remember imitating and
immediately the that's I got us a Lambo
that wasn't the one that got eliminated
immediately was it yeah him because I
was considering that oh okay the one
what's the what do you suggest
it was the oh you know it was this a
descenders for the record we didn't do
lab oh because we we have to figure out
how to stream that because the actual
switch has to be in the cardboard and we
need so we can't have you guys see
what's on the switch because I word
board and and so we actually need more
camp so that that wasn't me killing that
I would have been fine with it honestly
but it was it was a technical issue
there was a game called descenders which
is a downhill mountain biking game
and I did admit freely that we probably
wouldn't get very much okay I was
thinking I was thinking the next not the
next three I was thinking that's prereq
options you gave me oh sure the one I
shot down we've already talked about the
today Hyrule warriors oh yeah because I
don't I don't want to mindlessly play a
fucking Dynasty Warriors game unless you
want to talk me into it Jack unless you
want to talk me into it it seems like
you really want to play that well I I
guess what I'm saying is I'm gonna play
it no matter what
uh-huh so if we wanted to do an episode
about it that's just the two birds one
stone my my only pitch for you is while
on the surface it does look like you are
mindlessly mowing down enemies and I
suppose on a certain level you are
mindlessly mowing down enemies there is
a greater gameplay element in there
mm-hmm
there's there's bases too free there's
people to help there's there's branching
storylines depending on which area you
help first there's weapon unlocks
there's move unlocks there's leveling up
there's a lot to the dynasty warrior
games besides just the mowing down she
wears the chat what they wanna see us do
revealed next Hyrule warriors rebel
warriors Detroit becomes human the trek
becomes human or battle to battle Tech
right those are your three options chat
that's what I gave to dad
hey Chad that's what I gave to rich what
would you like to see reviewed next for
a full sit-down review for full sit-down
review trade becomes human Hyrule
warriors or battle tech and obviously we
need to do this in a more organized way
I'm seeing more detroit's that I'm
comfortable as a lot of battle tanks
honestly I think battle tech is winning
Jack well I think they want to see you
play that that's true and so they know
by doing an episode you'll have to play
it we do both fuck it we could
oh that no all right I'm seeing a lot
more Detroit's no like oh but you you
already said Detroit is a good first
four hours of oh yeah so we are we just
taking that off the table I think so cuz
I think all right Battletech you're Rob
battle tank or Hyrule warriors yeah cuz
we'll do it first four hours of Detroit
because I'm guessing we kind of already
know what that game is gonna be though
I've never played a David cage game so I
really don't know
Green I already got that we have Thomas
sort of it what are they thinking I
think battle talk is one honestly
Michael tranq it this shitty computer to
open up the straw poll nope it's
processing the straw poll we've been
opening the straw poll for the last like
minute that's kind of ours
results as soon this takes my life I
don't want to do that sure well you have
to vote so obviously you're gonna vote
battle tank no I wants me to verify the
thing that's not popping up on the
stream the are you a human oh wait is
that this laptop someone in chat is just
gonna have to tell us someone we trust
who started the home who started the
straw poll was a beefcake
Oh God Oh God this is the world's worst
laptop
dang it
Just Dance one hit point fuck you
oh did I do it hit it with one hit point
left fuck you game oh it seems like
battle tank is winning by about 60% okay
yeah we can do badly all right I'll play
enough so I'll play it like I've played
strategy games before like I said you're
gonna be doing the bulk of the speaking
and I'll play enough to we we could try
a little Veatch how about we'll we'll do
a review of battle tech will stream
Hyrule warriors first four hours of
Detroit alright boom boom boom alright
easy man easy fucking peasy that's art
that's art we got our three tier
approach I mean we can also do jack game
versus rich game I like giving you their
each episode alright like giving up
saying some sad Vega it's a it's a
Windows 10 laptop it's the Lenovo yoga I
believe it's an older laptop and it
probably just needs a clean install at
this point Jack the exact I I am I'm in
charge of programming here easy it's
it's an easy call Hyrule warriors is
gonna be a good streaming game battle
tech rich will have a lot to say about
because you are super into the strategy
games the Detroit becomes human is a
game that we can probably only stomach
for hours of so we're not reading tips
tonight I'm 90% of this stream has been
me reading tips that's true
90% yeah where have you been I got to
the boss
and then I could literally just read one
after the other non-stop but that would
probably make for a shitty stream yeah
Wow per Austin see says constant prereq
viewers probably can list four to five
games that rich absolutely loves yeah
but Jack I'm having trouble thinking of
some of yours
besides Isaac what are some of your
absolute favorites not just ones you
generally enjoy like Pokemon early
pokemons would be amongst my absolute
favorite by the way okay early pokemons
Game Boy Game Boy Advance pokemons those
were those were my favorite the earliest
would be Game Boy oh come on
right and I'm saying the Game Boy
Advance ones okay it was still early
Pokemon would be would app would be
absolutely one of my favorite games so
yeah Isaac you know spelunky is an
absolute favorite hands down no doubt
breath of the wild would be up there FTL
I like it too okay that's fine I don't
know like maybe I like FTL up but maybe
so but not necessarily 100% my gym um
something I talk about a lot I think I
screamed it once ages ago Metroid Prime
is a game that I love super fucking hard
blood-borne is a game that I love beyond
recognition
try to think of just like my go to get
rocket League rocket every once in a
while still to this day like I haven't
Anna ages like oh it's something it's
like oh I get you know I got 20 minutes
I bet I could get in a match or two like
I didn't feel so good feels so good
that's rocket League is like comfort
food it's just I want one match every
once in a while over well overwatch is
I haven't played overwatch in a fairly
long time I'll be honest with you and
like it's it's to the point now where
there's so many gameplay changes in
overwatch like I might take a longer
break I haven't had an opportunity to
play in like months okay the older games
Jack I like a lot of Jack childhood
games
now that's rough because I have a really
poor memory yeah I really do like
legitimately I don't remember much Super
Mario World absolutely without a doubt
what all-time favorite Super Mario make
a man I was never super into no no I was
more Super Mario World
I was never crazy into Megaman Megaman X
that wasn't old old-school games I love
you know what I loved on what was it on
the n64 and the game q''-word the Paper
Mario games I loved those games there I
mean there's just so you're what you're
asking such a big question is like you
know your all-time bedrock games and
there's just too many of them even named
a bunch so I think that's I think it's
okay some finance great you know what
someone someone asked me on Twitter
earlier Wow you know it's probably a
bedrock game of mine huh is Guitar Hero
for the PlayStation 2 not my gym I know
it's not your jam there was a point in
which anyone who ever came over to my
house was playing guitar hero because
that's all that was happening was we
were playing guitar hero that was one of
those situations where like I was kind
of hesitant on the idea of like oh this
big guitar controlling what you just
played the guitar and then I went to
Best Buy and they had the display and
you played it you're like I fuckin am a
rock star I fell in love with it so hard
Guitar Hero absolute Jam I learned a lot
it ironed a lot of gems that time what's
this shit okay prosthetics Pro Austin C
says last but not least I should have
been using this money in pizza rolls
what is your favorite console and what
console do you probably have the most
hours on during your lifetime my
favorite is probably SNES but I have
most time on ps4 like 2500 hours PC uh
yeah probably piece I'm not trying to be
an asshole but I mean I'm a PC guy I
have been for ever a day yeah you even
with all my console time I probably have
more hours on the PC really probably
mostly because of Team Fortress 2 and
overwatch I mean you know once you start
hitting that thousand our market games
it's like all right yeah definitely for
console oh god how do you even quantify
this I'm an old man right maybe my
GameCube piece - maybe ps2 ps2 financer
you got grand theft auto's yeah ton of
other shit that was my first dynasty
warrior Maximo games heavily underrated
both on the ps2 it was like dynasty
Warriors 3 on the ps2 I think that was
first or one of the dynasty warrior
games on the ps2 good a good guitar hero
Katamari Damacy Shadow of the Colossus
yeah maybe ps2 you might be right
console guys guys I always wanted no PC
answer I don't know why I don't want PC
isn't legit man
I'm gonna try what's new here we got a
lightning thing it's not an exciting
answer what why not it's the Consul he
has the most time in its it's the gaming
machine he has the most time in by far
yeah that's a fine answer rich I think
that's a fine answer
don't let them to don't let them tell
you otherwise that is a fine answer PCs
have also changed a lot in 20 years
they're saying PC isn't very descriptive
yeah I'm sorry I have a universal
platform that doesn't age out and go
away how awkward I'm sorry I'm still
able to play 25 year old PC games right
now
yeah I don't care about any of these
oh alright well we had where we at rich
what where we at Jarl of craft says rich
in Wayne's world at Rob Lowe's apartment
Wayne says in many ways T and G is
superior to but will never be recognized
as the original 25 plus years later do
you agree with that statement I can't
well is is teen G as recognizable to the
general public as the original series e
to the general public probably not
probably at this point you think so
Joe Schmoe who doesn't care about Star
Trek jinkies gonna know who William
Riker is or who dr. McCoy is I think Joe
Schmoe is now a younger demographic so I
would say that they probably know they
probably know a life spine huh Chris
Pine well they probably know like oh
yeah I know that bald guy from the meme
that's not the same thing you're
probably right about that they know the
bald guy from yes you're right about
that and so that's the Star Trek they
would know right when they rebooted the
Star Trek for the movies they used Kirk
not Picard that's true so you're saying
it will it hasn't overtaken the
popularity of the original yeah yeah I
don't know it was it was on longer you
know it was on longer I think more
people saw it
shit but when you say Star Trek to
somebody who's not a Star Trek fan what
do they save them the name Star Trek
what do they think of that's a good you
know what that it that needs that needs
a man on the street yeah that needs a
that means the camera go like I I'm
gonna I'm gonna say I'm gonna say a word
you give me the first thing that comes
to mind Star Trek FRA Spock if you so
probably to me it's it's Picard like
when it when I for you yes yeah for you
and for me like what when I say
Enterprise I think of next gen I still
think of the the friggin refit at a
price
oh really oh yeah okay well that that is
the most beautiful ship in all of
science fiction the enter of the refit
Enterprise slash Enterprise a yeah
hands-down the most beautiful ship in
all of science fiction but
Star Destroyer is the most beautiful
chat chat Chad go home you're drunk Chad
the home you're drunk the triangle is a
lumpy triangle that there are way sexier
shit fucking the Millennium Falcon is
sexier than the Star Destroyer give me a
fucking x-wing the x-wing is sexier than
the Star Destroyer come on Chad
there are sexier ships within Star Wars
moving on
no okay sure stolen pvp pvp says you
guys are amazing I've got no question
thank you great it's a mad mad mad mad
max says nice long time lurker first
time tipper slash sub the Amazon black
hole has finally pulled me past the
event horizon thank you for all the
years of entertainment you're welcome
okay we can Amazon ah the Amazon Prime
you did it it's something like that I
guess I don't know I don't know man I
know you can you get subscribe but the
Amazon Prime but now I just sound like
you showing that it's okay to chill it's
okay to show you don't you don't want to
over a shil
I'm not you know you gotta it's a
balancing act forever rich but when you
do shield you have to open my shoulder
absolutely and I don't think I I don't
think I'd hide it
Renault D 1597 says hey rich and Jack
just wanted to say I sent you guys
something very special to your P o box
it's supposed to arrive tomorrow you
might need to go to the counter to pick
it up I don't think it'll fit in the
mailbox Oh No yeah you know you wouldn't
be the first
honestly we get said some weird shit man
every once in a while someone did say
they were sending us something very nice
someone someone emailed and said and
said hey I'm big fan of your show and I
make custom video game still shadow
boxes okay like little pieces of art
that are from video games yeah would you
like any and I said well sure that looks
oh they look great
he's got a little Etsy store yeah and I
was like I want that one alone it's like
okay I'll send him so that's might be
what he said
okay okay cuz they look cool I think I'd
be like nice on the wall I was waiting
for him to charge you by the way I was
waiting for the charge me too they
specifically said the email like oh I
want I want to send you so I was gonna
be like oh I want this one this way all
right that'll be $42 right I was waiting
for that too but nope just someone who
makes something wants to share
what did I think of the discovery
redesign of the original tos Enterprise
I need to get a better look at it
I know I know definitely in the lighting
they were showing it in it looked kind
of bad but that could have just been the
ugly blue lighting always have to
account for blue for ugly lighting it
looks like they might have added too
many fucking windows to it but I really
need to just get a really honestly good
look at it
gosh dang it gobbledygook says either if
you see the trailer for Eid slash
Bethesda's rage - what's your experience
with rage one from 2011 Bethesda
jokingly said with us and it yes it's a
and if that's one long a or like the two
triple a's together it's a title one of
their vehicular combat games do you like
how was Mad Max lot into one question
you know what I saw here's what I saw I
saw the internet collectively shitting
their pants over over this rage to thing
like shit in a good way like oh my god
I'm so excited about rage - I had never
even heard of Rage I heard of Rage one
absolutely nobody was excited about it
really including me yeah I don't I don't
know what rage one is I don't like Mad
Max but it's not Mad Max okay then it's
the first person and you walk around and
shoot things you also drive around crash
into things
oh that's fun mm-hmm is it I'm what was
it on Oh probably everything everything
ps3 xbox probably the usual okay I I had
no recollection of Rage one so but I saw
a lot of people were really excited
about rage - it was it was an indie game
that absolutely nobody was excited about
when it came out okay
which is weird to me just because it it
yeah legend legendary it'd though at
that point in wasn't quite in the same
it anymore oh okay I'm with you I'm with
you
everyone's going crazy over age - but I
don't know anyone that even likes Rage
well that's what I'm saying like I I
didn't know rage 1 was the thing that
existed and then I'll stand there like
it's happening yeah it's happening you
know what's happening and I like the Mad
Max game but if I'm being perfectly
fucking honest if you if you take the
license out of it I'm not sure I I'm not
sure I give that much of a fuck about it
if I'm being you know just totally
honest you are yeah I'm asking you to be
what like that ice spear like that ice
spear people
at Oquendo wants to know how deep we've
gone to blood-borne chalice dungeons
would you stream them I don't might
stream them at some point I don't think
I've gotten that deep yeah like I don't
think I've gotten more than I don't
think I've gotten more than halfway
through them yeah probably not
i-i've gotten relatively deep I I guess
I don't know what the average is I I
felt like I spent a lot of time in them
yeah and also that they didn't do
anything great for me it fine needs
things yeah I didn't I didn't understand
the purpose of the channel with chalice
dungeons well you find the really nice
things when you get really deep is the
thing oh sure so I just deep in I don't
get even of you I know enough about it
to know there are good rewards sure
eventually you start getting some mighty
powerful gems okay
blood gems and different versions of
like the normal weapons that have
different shapes lots that you can put
different types of gems in there's
rewards sure sure
yeah I I so I guess I didn't get far
enough to understand why they were a
good thing if that gives you any idea of
how far I got into them come find blood
shot says hey guys have you watched
Cobra Kai yep it was better than it
deserves to be i binge the whole season
in one sitting
awesome rich have you ever played
bullets a bullet storm I picked up the
remastered version and fell in love with
it I have not played bullet storm I
think I've heard good things about both
of them right that's it's supposed to be
like a crazy almost like a Dishonored no
combat I think all right I think and
unless the chat is about to prove me
wrong I have watched all of Cobra Kai
and I like it quite a bit we talked
about it earlier and a whole whole
discussion about polar guy whole thing
the whole thing
bad gamer Korean says Jack if your
family eventually find themselves liking
D&D; would you give 40k a try sometime in
the future nope
there's something about non-digital
games that make them great if fridge
still has the mini for Kay's I sent him
years ago
show them to your kids ah you know I
just don't know I've got them somewhere
is that why is it here um I don't know
you know like someone I was I was kind
of sharing my my D&D; with with with
Twitter and people like walking and why
are you in D&D; there's you know there's
these other tabletop RPGs that are so
much better and it's just like you know
what I got to start somewhere man yeah
and maybe I'll fall in love with the MV
and want to branch out more into the
tabletop role-playing arena or maybe
it'll fizzle out oh man maybe subject
maybe say exactly I'm taking I'm taking
it easy here
I think a shop is over here yes and a
potion yes thank you
Tabitha Kirk says that attend dose which
each shop currently has bad dudes on
sale from $7.99 unless to march down
from wait I'm getting hats that are
covering up Chad dude bad dudes like a
double dragons game oh okay
bad do you maybe two bucks
I think they charge too much for
something shop thirty-year-old games
where do we go now I got cut off okay
Bob Hurley has bad dudes on sale from
$7.99 down to 719 ooh
download it now and see why Steve Martin
said in the movie Parenthood they're bad
dudes that's why they call the game bad
dudes I think I'm good yeah III think
that's a bit much bad dudes for me
oh gosh dang it
kappa molo says jack what did you think
of the story - horizon zero dawn i
actually found it very good and gave a
shit which is rare since most video game
stories are bad
I'd ask richest opinion but I don't
think he ever finished it I absolutely
loved the game
once again I did look up spoilers I
thought it was fine yeah I enjoyed it
actually you know what I didn't finish
the game when we did the review yeah I
couldn't get that far like you know it's
a big game but that is one that I after
the review I absolutely went back finish
the story did all the side missions I
wanted to do and really enjoyed it I
thought it was I mean it was fairly
predictable yeah relatively speaking but
I enjoyed the story overall of horizon
zero dawn and that's good I liked yeah I
mean you guys know that I like - horizon
zero dawn but I felt really satisfied at
the ending you know you get that that
cutscene at the end that's something you
talk about a lot of like the earned
cutscene like hey I beat the game give
me give me a little moving right and I
don't really feel that very often in
games but but here was a point where I
did I didn't want to play this like I
was done yeah
just show me the end ah okay that was
that was one of those rare times and I I
just wanted to sit back and enjoy the
ending so
soul tornado says what are your thoughts
and Kevin Sorbo and Hercules The
Legendary Journeys could something
similar be done today well if you want
just something that's a schlocky action
show couldn't you count ash vs. Evil
Dead that was done today there's their
schlocky action shows alright like like
heck that's half of the CW lineup right
now is schlocky action shows I just have
Super Heroes nobody's agreeing with me I
see three noes so I don't think they
agree with me on that
ash vs. Evil Dead being a social action
show yeah maybe y'all don't know what
schlock is
I don't know that anybody likes Kevin
Sorbo though I know I we just talking
about this like a streamer or two ago I
have really fond memories of watching
both Hercules and Xena Warrior Princess
I'm pretty sure Kevin Sorbo is a huge
dickhead now yeah that doesn't sour me
on how much I loved her cousin Xena was
fair but I also still think these shows
exists 100% shocky action shows what
what's currently on today that you would
compared to Hercules The Legendary
Journeys that's on today that's on today
that's not currently right now so you
can't even say ash vs. Evil Dead because
they just cancel no it's true
would we count something like flash like
like you know a little bit of action a
little bit of superhero stuff but mostly
isn't hokey enough is it hokey and it's
fairly hokey okay I know why I'm asking
you guys I've not watched the flash I'm
not if you say it is I have to take your
word for it I have not watched the flesh
as hokey as Hercules probably not
because that was super tongue-in-cheek
but I think if you look at stuff like
flash and Supergirl who don't take
themselves very seriously yeah you'd
have kinesin contenders decent
contenders yeah or legends of tomorrow
any of those CW schlock shows you
probably have decent contenders
right up
what do we think of the ash vs. Evil
Dead ending I haven't seen season 3 AB I
was waiting to binge it and based on
what you're saying I'm guessing it's
finally all been aired so it's something
that some a I gotta get around to it
Thanks nice got some coin I got some
coin what do you got serves
what are you what did you do did you
hurt me how what did you do you did hurt
me but you had a chance to poison foes a
poopoo pee-pee dad said hey which
perfect
speaking of enterprises have you ever
checked out Andrew perverts enterprise-c
concept renderings he designed a concept
enterprise-c for the show but it wasn't
used
he has since had a full CG model made
Probert is the designer of the refit and
the D by the way yeah I know that much
about him I heard he had a design for
the C I think I saw it ages ago but I
don't really remember what it looked
like so III can't give you the kind of
feedback you like or want on that I
don't know how you pronounce his name I
pronounce it Probert PR OB ERT robot
that's the boss ooh he's laughing at you
laughing no he earned it
I feel like I'm doing better I'm now
getting to that first boss more this is
a roguelike yeah okay yeah it's wrong
like you you unlock different spells
that you can use in combination of each
other and different map layouts every
time so I feel like I'm getting there
that oh that boss is fog and tough
though that was that might have been
just a little too tough for me we need a
flurry let's see what you are and fire I
don't want any firewall I go blast sure
I feel like I need water I need water
spells because I'm in a fire level you
know I don't know if that works I'm
facing a fire boss do you think water
will have an advantage over the fire
boss I probably would typically it would
but I don't know if that's one of these
games or if this is just the fire boss
you know can anyone recommend a game
that makes you feel like a badass
similar to doom I really there's
anything that makes you feel quite as
badass as doom does that's that's the
epitome of feeling like a bath s dooms
kind of a spit like you know cuz you can
look at games like God of War which has
a very good combat system and does make
you feel like a badass you've got a war
I love the combin love the combat system
remember everyone I love it
you have games for me like dynasty
warriors which though they're hack and
slash II you are the big strong person
and you mow down everyone but doom doom
has that sadist like that difficulty
balance just down and and how many games
do the bad guys write a Bible about how
terrified you make them
right what are the enemies so afraid of
you that they make a religion out of it
like they're so afraid of you like do I
make you feel like a badass not only in
the gameplay but also just in the war
they they carve tales about you in stone
to make sure no one forgets that you
will wreck them yeah yeah I agree you
know I'm seeing like blood-borne and
Metroid Prime and that's you know
blood-borne it can be very satisfying
when you win but it's all both of those
games I could have very similar tones
which is just it's all about kind of
despair and loneliness and exploration
like those games do not make you feel
like a badass they make you feel sad
doom doom was like a horror game where
you are the monster yeah do what I like
about doom is it flips the script mm-hmm
doom you're alone on a base on Mars
everyone else is dead and the base is
filled with demons like the script there
it's very obvious you know where you
were fucked you are absolutely fucked
but but doom let you turn the tables
it's not fuck that they're trapped in
here with me the demon should be afraid
of me oh and they are sure all the
fucking demons it's very it's very
pleasant you know it is
just I I just agreed it's like aliens of
all the aliens were running away from
Ripley maybe a less exciting movie but
well it'd be like an alien game where
you play as the alien and you are you
are the monster you hunt and stalk the
humans it kind of like when you play
Friday the 13th and you're Jason is like
oh I'm in charge here I'm the boss and
it's bedtime yeah yeah with you so
there's there's other games where you
kick ass but it's not the same it's not
the same
like that spear I like that ice spear
we're gonna go a little more ice heavy
with my build this time ice and
lightning and we're gonna see if we can
do oh but now I get the tree guy first
oh well ice ice should be powerful
against tree dudes baby lightning too
this time let's see if that does me any
good
yeah that's pretty good I'm getting it
I'm understanding
yes you feel like a badass in the Arkham
games just not to the great degree you
feel like a badass play Doom I don't
know yeah and I don't know like if
you're supposed to ever feel like a
badass as Batman you're you know you're
kind of Batman is above being a badass
Batman is all about efficiency right and
sometimes efficiency just means being a
badass right right but he never wants to
like Batman could never say he's a
badass but you can never fee it when
you're put when you are Batman you can
never feel like a badass cuz there's
business to be done yes that smell about
the business I got to do this
you yourself said the Arkham games make
you feel like a badass you frauds look
I'm not saying it doesn't make I'm
saying it's not comparable to how much
of a badass you feel like when you
played doom you're so much of a badass I
feel like when I'm playing Batman here's
how much of a badass I feel like when
I'm playing doom here's how much of a
badass I feel like when I'm playing
stardew valley it's somewhere down there
with Tetris and Mario right stardew
valley get out of town it's great that's
great Jimmy I would never say he's a
badass either he does it with his hands
oh yeah first of all yes no I'm not
talking about physically saying you're
badass I'm talking about your feeling
when you're playing yes when you are
when you are the doom Slayer I am sure
that the doom Slayer is smiling while
ripping demons I think that the doom
Slayer gets a certain amount of joy out
of ripping our demons har down and I
just don't think Batman like what when
I'm Batman I'm cold and I'm calculated
I'm doing so there so there's different
there's just different feelings you know
gosh dang it
I was having like up until a room ago I
was having a really good run and and now
I'm not I'm sorry that's the end of my
story it's a good story
fuck why
dang it dang it dang it dang it
Zach of the axises I'm going to be a
Milwaukee this weekend for work do you
guys have any recommendations from where
I should go for dinner thanks
what you got jack 1 million in one
places man what name one name one
vanguard man guard el fuego
yeah there's better Mexican place yes el
fuego is not bad but there's botanas
which is uh in the walkers point area
but Thomas is a great Mexican restaurant
there all right the weather's beautiful
does it have that nice outdoor eating
area does does botanas is great all
right but sadness is good Mexican there
is oh well there's a place on KK that's
like hipster Mexican that's really good
too what are they called
I mean and el fuego is not bad but like
el el fuego almost almost feels chain
restaurant E to me five guys like you
you list literally the most overrated
burger joint also a chain burger joint
so no event like Vanguard is homemade
sausages and you will not regret it and
and a beer list that will blow you away
and all of their sausages are amazing
vanguard is the place to go if you want
you know pizza there's classic slice or
transfer pizza if you want like like a
giant slice you go to classic slice if
you want the pizza where they are like
made the dough fresh and it has like the
weird bubbles because you know it's
imperfect and delicious
you gotta transfer bubbles I don't want
bubbles in my pizza you're doing it
wrong I don't care if it's a hand tossed
but it's got bubbles in it it's a bad
pizza incorrect you are you are
incorrect about your pizza you know you
want a good cup of soup and a sandwich
with some homemade chips you go to Lulu
News Cafe Lulu demarinis pizzas pretty
good yeah
yeah do marine stuff in there's there's
there's so many things to eat here in
the city so you just have you have so
much man rock bottom
that's place I'm thinking of they had
great fancy macaroni Rock Bottom Brewery
yeah yeah place I'm thinking of they
have decent food I rock over in rock
bottom there's a million places with
amazing food you go to UM there's a
there's a place called the crafty cow
that makes if you're ready for this a
bone marrow butter burger which is this
giant burger patty that they cook with
bone marrow butter and it's it's not a
place it's not a place you want to go to
take a date to because your face will be
covered in grease but it is a delicious
burger trap they did not close I was at
demarinis today there might be more than
one location and one of them closed but
I was literally there today Wow okay
there there's there's just there's
restaurant after restaurant after
restaurant like what kind of experience
are you looking for we have a we have a
restaurant that doesn't have a regular
menu you want to get crazy with it you
go to fuck what's it called
give me Mon moment please there's a
restaurant in town that changes their
menu every single day depending on what
food they can buy at the farmers market
and then they just cook shit and it's
different every day and it's great all
right I have to remember
what the fucking place is called though
before I can recommend it to you I
should know the name of it that's like
that's that's just etiquette it is
called I'm gonna find it it is called
lazy susan lazy susan is a restaurant in
town
Jack you're killing me I'm sorry no and
you know what I'm a hundred percent on
diet right now and so that just means
I'm really hungry all the time to him
and so I'm just my mouth is watering and
I'm thinking about all the delicious
food that's all around us all the time
you can go to honey pie they make great
cupcakes they have great food just I
live in it I live here's here's the
thing I live in a part of town that is
the restaurant district yeah and so I
have a million good restaurants all
around me and so that's it okay Haidee
tqk a yeah
which sounds like an old it cheat code I
could be wrong
says hey guys love the last nerd crew I
was wondering if you all seen the
phantasm movie series and if so what are
your thoughts for the most part I liked
it but was a little letdown with the
final movie I saw one or two of them
like 30 years ago
no I just know there's a silver ball
with what sharp things it's all I know
yeah I know a creepy old guy I know even
less rich sometimes oh sorry light
bloodshot says how do i gift you guys a
gamer I'd like to send you Bulletstorm
rich would love it it's all about trick
shots and unique kills power drill that
you get fires drills that impale guys
the walls and shoot them into the sky
that's my favorite gun
have it listen to me though do you have
it I don't think so
well I hear games out here too already
is just my goodness these are just my
games no I you can you can if you want
to gifted to rich you can use our email
prereq at red letter media calm when you
gift the game you can just choose to
send it via email okay and then I will
forward that to rich so he can get it
and then we're caught up and I'm
assuming you are done I am done I'm at a
good place I feel like I understand the
game I feel like I'm ready Oh looks like
if we don't keep up with these it looks
like it's it Scrolls out tips yeah okay
we'll have to bet that's incentive to
keep up with them I suppose you know we
always can't always do that now there's
another thing that we can do I think so
I'll look into that okay I will look
into them alright yeah great so this is
the point of the stream in which we
thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Sagan 1224 40 bucks months in
a row who says thanks guys you're
welcome
bulking barrel tard core for 14 months
in a row who's his house D&D; with the
family going hopefully you heard my my
excitement holy SH meal for the whole
spiel where I finished writing it
tomorrow if this is by the way by the
way this spoiler for you guys because
you're not playing yeah this is just
part one
oh so they get this mystery scroll that
gives them the location of this hidden
gem right Jim that's got to be worth a
lot of money so they go they get the gem
like that's just one then the gems gonna
have some some strange writing on it
right now oh we can't read this writing
so then they're gonna have to go back to
their boss the the treasure hunting boss
and those eyes he's gonna be done Wilson
you know well is it is a I know this
language this is elvish I I can speak
elvish he's is it's gonna have some sort
of like you know when I meet with the
moon or the full moon light the age of
the skeletons begins and it's just gonna
happen to be midnight on a full moon
night and then the skeletons are gonna
rise and they're gonna have a whole
nother quest where they have to fight
this this is the king of a skeleton
after they get out of the cave pretty
excited I'm writing a backstory for a
cult that worships skeletons so you
don't you don't play as a character but
it seems like you get to have your own
fun but just creating this shit is that
how the DM role works yeah well and I I
play all of the NPC's okay and so like
if they talk to anyone all the bad guys
I play call you and and I write it yeah
right the world so so there's there's I
think there's a lot of fun to be had as
the DM you you have fun with your family
Jeff you have rich if this turns into a
thing I end up loving I'm roping you in
you know that I know I know you're
probably gonna do that that's a great
storm Templar who says guys don't break
up we saw what a solo show would look
like in the last third its observing try
nine thousand for 19 months in a row
it's it's always better to have someone
to talk to yeah absolutely
is joe flacco elites who says graduated
from college this saturday excuse me
now i have all the time in the world to
watch prereq whoa
so just twenty-two microfibre militia
for 43 motherfucking months in a row
who says forever and ever and ever and
for KN Christ for 12 months in a row
says one year feels like just yesterday
that biscuit for me will do
what's biscuit can't be playing as the
one who wants to get up on the table and
wreck our lego sets yeah the monster is
not the jungle cat I don't have I don't
have it in my depths to like roleplay as
the cat - I can't that's not it for me
he's gonna be the cat that's annoyed
that we're not petting him while we're
having fun playing D&D; chuk chuk Fox for
14 months in a row who says hey maybe we
can get some maybe we can get together
sometime and compare our figurines Dirk
Gently ER for 19 months in a row says
rich finally checked out your finally
check out wrench finally checked out
your table and the latest nerd crew
great job keep it up guys
that's right that's one of your proud
builds yeah I built that table the
nurture table it's a nice table oh
that's great
it's curved its curves but no one
noticed about the curved table out of
straight one he's very proud of myself
farc toyed kaleidoscopic 24 13 months in
a row just Westworld season two is
fucking amazing and also what is the
newest news for Back to the Future for
you don't watch Westworld right no I
haven't maybe I should it's good man all
right it's real good and yes season two
is is still real good we are at Future
pres our be just an are headed Justin
home
in 48 I think I think what we do is all
you yes you here's my big plan
Justin Hormann for 48 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row I think we
just add more squares that's it yeah I
didn't say it was big I just said I had
a plan you built it up you built it up
adding a word yeah I think we had
goddamn - you know you know you know say
I just you wait no it's gonna be all
levels we'll see you just say I will add
a word to it I think it's I think it was
my earliest suggestions and you shot it
down
thing that's not that's not enough I
certainly we get here first person for
fucking years I saw you got as you had a
goddamn that's not even as exciting as
motherfucking
let's step down now which is too much
Justin Orman says you don't think
goddamn motherfucking is good no well
what would you instead of goddamn what
would you do I told you I would just
reset it all disincentive to keep going
to get back the motherfucking jack I
think I think we have to we have to keep
Adam I think we have to keep adding
until it gets ridiculous yeah how do we
feel like goddamn goddamn motherfucking
and then the next one is you know what
goes before goddamn I have no idea we
just keep adding you know you know those
we're gonna shitty
I'm good they're gonna take a clip of
this whole segment Jack and they're
gonna paste it into the dictionary.com
under underwhelming this whole moment
underwhelming you just have a clip of
this you asked me if I had a plan I said
I got a plan I said like I did I got a
plan you have built this up in your own
mind like it was a grin I just had a
plan just a Norman says I just stopped
by to say have a great rest of the week
everybody also I was curious on my
number I think God damns the way to go
unless you can think of a better one to
go in front of mother
no no it's goddamn now we're stuck with
it god damn it
binky why says keep up the good work
boys loved the matching tiny suit rich
thank you thank you give me your stupid
coals cold special it's gray almost son
sue says hey guys yell ROC apropos of
nothing I have either of you read the
Gulag Archipelago if there's no way I
could have buy a wholesome Tyson I'm
taking a break from it to listen to you
holy shit it's some heavy stuff makes
you appreciate life check it out if
you're ever feeling down it doesn't
sound like something I'd want to read if
I'm feeling down like I'm already hip
dip in a book that makes me feel like
shitting so I don't know if I want to
add another book that makes me feel like
other people are shit look sure you read
that don't make you feel like shit yeah
but sometimes I want I want some I want
some knowledge in my life all right I
want to get woke you proud no 3-1-1
adamant Adam
magic on chicken macbeth ox for 20
fucking months in a row says what a
couple of hack frogs babe baby yeah no
wallah for 29 fucking months in a row
says heart emoji thank you
Tiberius Kirk for 32 fucking months in a
row who says hey I haven't been around
much the last few weeks isn't that fun I
suppose welcome back welcome back thank
you thank you for subscribing odd drinks
for 12 months in a rose is 12 months woo
brain is gone for 12 months in a row who
says the a 12 months pizza rolls for all
pizza roll from Joba oh yeah me oh ha
yo ha yeah I said Schmeer Schmeer ha all
right
yeah 2 foot tug on 445 motherfucking
months in a row G few short months it'll
be the very underwhelming goddamn
motherfucking months in a row you did
you know something about me rich here
here's a little tidbit into into me I'm
very good at making decisions that's not
to say I'm good at making good decisions
I just like if you need a decision made
I will make a call and go with it
they don't always work out but I'm your
guy like you just need a call made I'm
your guy I'll make the call whether it's
the right one or not you never know but
I'm there to make the call
gee Cal 87 seems like graduating high
school for years you know for your sub
you graduate and guess what a real world
starts very real worthless nothing in
high school prepared you for this the
good times have ended miss true that's
true a strobe levar clinically depressed
Abe for 12 months in a row my moose is
loose dream sign for 27 fucking months
in a row says I hope you enjoy spending
your monthly be Zoe's bucks as much as I
enjoy giving them to you yes you we love
it that every month Yuri subscribe using
your free Amazon Prime subscription
which you get to do if you're an Amazon
Prime member doesn't cost you and it
might gives us some bucks
god damn if you're subscribed for four
years you give the very underwhelming
goddamn added to your shoutout but if
you go five years we're gonna add
another thing Lucas Ducas for thirty-one
fucking months in a row digger blue for
20 fucking months in a row just 20
months you know what I'm saying 20
months I do
Streicher 1 1 2 1 436 some motherfucking
months in a row 3 years is so much
better than 4 years
but wait there is so much better oh my
god you know you gotta have a breather
year a breather year before we get to 5
striker says I've wasted my life thank
you for that
I'm being too hard on you jack
I think it's funny it is okay I just
wanna make sure you're going with the
bit rich and we're getting laughs so go
with it we're laughing maybe maybe
they're watching this thing rich Evans a
horrible mom you're just a big Meany
head no I know if I thought it mattered
I'd might feel bad but not okay okay if
because we can always change it it's
very sure none of the by the way the
chat Chad if you will none of these
rules are set in stone like we can
change them anytime we want so if we
think of something better to do we'll do
it but we probably won't solve it so
then I'm sure so hide says the prereq
doesn't even exist
smh I don't know what that means
okay Zeno's the ogre from Shrek zone or
zone B P bills says Jack's talking about
art and again he's wrong about literally
everything can't be wrong about art yo
Bryson 1979 Doyle 871 says how much to
bribe Jay to come back nine thousand
dollars cash mail it to the PIO box
blue vaad for 20 fucking months in a row
Edgar Allen hope ho 422 fucking months
in a row Darkwing schmuck for 13 months
in a row says here's to one year since I
realized Amazon let me sub for free and
if anyone is curious as to how awful
roller Gator is spoiler pretty fucking
awful it's often shown on the RiffTrax
twitch channel okay yeah yeah
William Thomas and one dust for twelve
months in a row says I was driving
cross-country and while bored my wife
asked
if you had to be an animal what would
you be thanks to prereq I already knew
the best answer LOL Animorph my human
animal ah
mr. shields II dr. strong Esquire says
whoopee nine months whatever achievement
cheers for the good times fellas let's
hope for at least mediocre in the future
that's all we can hope for
adequacy question number 16 Stu
pocalypse Titus 84 for 20 fucking months
in a row I'll pack a death trap for 15
months in a row says I'm graduating on
Saturday thank you guys for giving me a
break from all the stress of college
slash Hospital rotations doctor alpaca
death track or nurse I'll pack a death
trap either way thank you for your
service you might be you know looking at
a body part of ours later so you know
you got to thank them they're out there
doctor or nurse yeah I got it but if you
are out pocket at her tell us tell us
before you look at a body part of ours
because that might be weird a little bit
creepy that's what I'm saying it's a
little bit creepy
Joe bag of doughnuts who says glass of
scotch and your banter make for a great
Wednesday night keep up the good work
fellas
Randolph the rad who says rich thank you
for building my house how is it being
powered it's called an argent reactor
energy stored from the heat demotic
aversion in progress whoops yeah yeah I
don't know you got it when you're
reading it I didn't get it like not
until I got to demonic invasion in
progress like archana reactor I was like
what is that I said a star trainer of
genes right I thought it was a Star Trek
thing so then I was like okay then when
demonic invasion in progress happen I
get it I get it
bradle 23 xbox nuisance clay dough one
four six
teen months in a row land cow it's a mad
mad mad mad max j.r.r Lovecraft for 16
months in a row who says next time
you're in Houston let me know I'm in the
phone book under L okay development Hank
says thanks for all the fun
Sauron masks the AC for sixteen months
in a row says hi hi Dow mine three
domain three many the Vera King gay plea
Inca z-99 421 fucking lessiter OSes woo
21 months hi fellas hi hello CC buddy
Ryder jump
jibun bonbon you're correct it is Japan
bun slicer gang Chernobyl kinsmen 437
motherfucking months in a row and it was
how much that smoother that rolls off
the tongue then goddamn motherfucking
months in a row but I in in my head
that's part of the joke is as they go on
in years it becomes more and more
cumbersome for us to do that mr. Earl of
the ants mr. I love the ants you forgot
this her noble kinsman is Amazon Prime
bitches I was just me err horny Amazon
Prime reference no but that just sounds
like part of a rap song like Amazon
Prime bitches ain't that like that
sounds like something a DJ would say it
a sentient do you think do I look like
someone who know what a DJ would say it
is set just like the kids are super into
it so is it felt right if the air horn
felt right
mr. I love the ants who says today is my
birthday and I'm spending it with you
guys happy birthday ants
happy birthday ants pace 180 jordana for
15 months in a row says this was funny
and then there's a link to her straw
poll I can't see right now but thank you
well cat will copy and look at later
copy I just copied it
mr. peachy silly putty M C Lucas for 47
motherfucking months in a row one more
month before that's marred forever run
trip fall shag Ahad 1897 for 15 months
in a row who says hey guys 15 months
flies by so fast are you excited for RDR
- I thought you're going to say r2d2
yeah absolutely not but our dude our RDR
- sure sure I need to actually see
gameplay footage there was Red Dead
Redemption - there we go the only thing
I've seen so far has been cinematic
trailers I'm less interested in that
yeah and Rockstar in general has has
gone the path of subscription service
and micro-trend god yeah we'll see we'll
see I haven't heard about anything
horrible they're doing just putting that
out there they're making their money
with GTA online so part of their fucking
multiplayer component it doesn't affect
the single-player that I don't give a
good goddamn bright evil Lord David for
19 months in a row says hey guys David
here for 19 months in a row hi David
I'm happy to hear about the D&D; jack I
think you'll be a great DM here's hoping
here's an open uncle kulikov says yeah I
like your stuff well thank you wold
haizen beard for 44 motherfucking months
in a rope says well standing up now have
a good night
Thank You AJ pimps all load um for 17
months and Rose is 17 months again I'm
nominated simple oh wow five years in a
row for five years just just oh wow oh
wow oh wow oh wow oh so be like and load
them for oh wow
five years in a row good good night
everybody
what about the last one we did it hey
dtq ka oh my god rich I got your old man
eyes you do I didn't even see it
Lauri the name a ad tqk a
