Feb 21, 2018
Slay the Spire
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/231536295
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/231538479
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5xYrxszDtU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oRuprc7XiY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/966431085210071040

[Part I]
vacuum dad all right fucking hell man
second dad does the whole string just
backing the whole dance the whole stream
I won't say anything it's like I could
play as the the green because I need
more unlocked but I want to fucking be
the ironclad all right I'm gonna back
him dad I have no control over this you
don't
Jack has become a crazy man you don't
have anything
yeah bad I can kill this dream that's
true but that I would keep this hey at
this point you're just damaging our
brand now you speak in my language hello
hey everyone welcome my Jack's so weird
as you know many of many reasons many
many reasons hey everybody welcome
welcome to the I'm subscribed oh that
you know I stopped it's fine I'm fine
so Jack rich what's going on why are we
playing slides fire because I am fucking
obsessed with the game and playing for
40 hours talking about it for an hour
and then editing the episode for 20
hours only made me want to play it more
okay I'm I I want to beat this game as
the ironclad and I have not yet okay
I guess I guess we should get going then
doing it are you gonna do this drunk
yeah like that is that gonna help is
that really gonna help I think that's
why it's good do I know
14:22 iron-clad
go this definitely isn't mine
you know so by the way you know the
weight you don't get the whale bonuses
if you die too many times too many times
if you don't if you don't want to get to
at least the first you have to get to
lose the first boss but if you die
before you get to the first boss the
next time you don't get the whalebone I
know which sucks I'm sorry
the often do you die before in this
Sunday there's been times before the
first boss I wanted to restart yeah and
then you don't get the well bonus but
really how often do you die before you
get to the first boss not too often okay
okay
but it happened earlier today and then
it pissed me off on when I went on
another world slaying all night
I don't know well we'll see how Jack
does see how upset I get at losing
constantly alright let's see here
there's not a shop coming up close so I
could obtain a random relic or I could
obtain a random rare card I think I'm
gonna go over into rare card huh all
right that's a decent that's a decent
finisher exhaust your hand dealing seven
damage for each exhausted card no this
is not dead rising but here's my
question Chad do you wish it was too bad
it's too bad because it's too fucking
bad shop up here
like hitting the most fires I can so if
I got a bad fire
I can't hit the shop anyway so that I
might as well hit this shop
ha oh and oh this way I could hit 2
shops and never mind never mind
new plan yeah alright let's go let's go
do this ironclad easy he's busy
slay this fire isn't a video game it is
it's it's a it's a great video game it's
a video game I enjoy it has some issues
but overall I think it's a great video
game I think it's a very you know it's
basic as far as as far as the moves
because all the math is in front of you
but it's it's great it's exactly what a
video game is which is just you know you
get a you get an enemy oh here we go so
this is less of a video games and Final
Fantasy that's just not true come on
that's just simply false come on settle
there
the different cards you get radically
change how you play as opposed to just
what's my most effective attack do that
over and over again and over and over
again oh god oh god Pokemon this game's
fine okay oh god Pokemon alright here we
go
yes I would like to remove a card from
my deck
I would like to remove these cards from
my deck
great great here we go we're doing great
guys we're doing great so far I'm
feeling good things golden idol I've not
won this game since the review I haven't
gotten to the the third world boss yeah
but it's demolished it doesn't matter
what my cards are I'm gonna get
demolished I've gotten to the third word
boss a few times what's what's going on
what cards do you have what do you what
are you looking for what are you looking
to do
III got a whole bunch of like you know
it's obviously like it's just starting
so like I got friendly fire which is
exhaust your hand in deal seven damage
for each exhausted card yeah
which makes for a great finisher that's
like that's a nice I got him on the
ropes
super damaged and I just picked up this
which is add two wounds to your hand
yep gain 15 blocks that pairs well with
fire exactly and fire with fiend fire
and so like it's two extra cards that's
14 extra damage and that's a good block
card and so you know I don't have a
strategy at the moment cuz I don't I
don't have enough to work with but it's
a decent base I picked up the golden
idol where enemies drop 25% more gold
and I took some damage because I didn't
want a let's see here nothing else
Pokemon gave us the great matchup versus
the star the star me was that what it
was calm I've never rude it harder for
the CPU oh I knew I knew everyone was
rooting for the game but I beat it
fucking game you did it rich you did it
go and win that's a great card now that
says I just watched a recent stream it
was surprised to hear rich never played
System Shock 2 especially since it used
the same engine as thief here is a
donation so you can buy a copy on GOG I
have a copy I have a copy
I even have it on CD I've just I've just
never gotten around to it
System Shock 2 hmm I don't know sorry
you should be you should be sorry
absolutely table Kirk says thanks for
filming a new prereq at the New York Toy
Fair they revealed the new TMNT cartoon
style introduces magic in the form of
big trouble a little china type mystical
city underneath the sewers yeah that
looks stupid pants it does look stupid
fans I mean you know I get like it's a
kid's cartoon so there's not a whole lot
I get to say about it and but yeah it
just doesn't look cool yeah I want that
golden I mean that go take the doubt
I know Raphael is the leader what I
don't get it is that true that's true
yeah what I've read it's like that's
snow Raphael has never been the leader I
know I know the lyrics of the rap song
they wrote for the first movie got that
bit of information wrong no he's cool
but rude no no no no for the movie the
rap song they end the movie with the
live-action movie and Raphael is the
leader no no he's not he never was do
they really get that wrong yeah they did
in the in the teenage TMNT live-action
and then I've seen people respond like
comments whether there were the reveal
for the new Turtles where was the leader
in the comics they don't know shit
Raphael never led jack shit
he never led jack shit interest yeah
interest
thing leo was totally the leader in the
comics Raphael was the idiot Oh rose who
would Steve is a tough guy but he was
nobody was hot-headed idiot not Michael
and Michelangelo was my kind just so the
goofball er okay okay I got a couple
decisions to make here rich and you know
that one of these decisions can you know
make make or break the run didn't all
the turtles look the same in the comics
yes but they still had different
personalities yeah okay so I can soup up
my finisher and do ten damage per
exhausted card which would be great I
could you know I got this body slam
which is deal attack for how much block
you have which will pair great with my
power through and I could change it from
costing one to costing zero which is
very helpful or my power through instead
of getting 15 block and gain 20 block
which one do I want first probably want
the mega finisher first that's gonna do
that's gonna do me more gird gird early
in the game mm-hmm great
glad I could talk it through Batman but
in the original comics they were all
basically the angry or after stereotype
not really
leo is always the serious one Raphael
was the one who would fly off the handle
Donatella was a little less nailed down
with what his personality was okay
Mike was kind of the goofball he wasn't
super intelligent genius-level in the
comics at that point well right that
that came later escalation is a real
thing
black-and-white comic Donatello for a
while was just kind of there is the
early days sure
here's what I'm thinking here's what I'm
thinking rich bag of preparation at the
start of each combat draw two additional
cards which means for my first round
instead of having five cards I'll have
seven cards which means that if I get
friendly fire I can do 60 damage right
off the bat which means I could arguably
kill someone before they have a chance
to do I know which is you know that's
very uh I tried that strategy on stream
didn't work
well you're right you need you need the
luck of a draw a chap that the original
turtles of black and white they didn't
really have a pizza thing I'm sure I'm
sure they ate pizza at some point but it
wasn't like a thing also what wasn't a
thing cowabunga wasn't a thing well in
the black and white comics I think once
the cartoon had took off they threw in
one reference to cowabunga once sure
yeah I'm doing the bank preparation I'm
doing it and I'm removing a card rich is
a total hipster how how oh yeah you're a
total loser I would have to like those
black and white ninja turtle comic books
ironically to be a hipster right well
you just like them we're talking about
something I have loved since I was 12
yeah yeah you're fine
Oh see bum look at this this is it right
here so one two three four five six yeah
okay so I went
paid off already paid off already
oh that could work that could work well
together okay
does Jax Tech have a plan yet or is it
just in its infancy Jack okay so it's
coming together so check out what I just
got what I just got is whenever a card
is exhausted gained four block
yeah which will pair supremely well with
fiend fire which is exhaust your hand to
deal 10 damage for each card exhausted
yeah so then if I can't get them the
first round and if body slam isn't in
there what I need now is I need a card
that deals me more cards okay so what I
can do is exhaust a bunch of cards get a
shit ton of block then if I can get body
slam and use that block to attack again
I got the I got the mohicans I got the
makings of something and you know what I
need I need barricade barricade is the
card that means you don't lose your
shield in between rounds it's too
expensive and it's it's it's to
barricade it's too expensive yeah you
could cost you basically around to use
it yes you're gonna get mauled when
you're trying to use it and then later
on the enemies do so much fucking damage
every motherfucking turn everything
you're never gonna have leftover shield
to begin with barricades of fools it's
fool's gold barricades but it's always
so tempted great on paper oh wait do I
do it again one two three four five six
this is a ten each it's ten each so I'm
gonna do it's close but not there I want
to do but five six and then he's gonna
split into two he's gonna split into two
with each having five health yep
and so then all I need is two attacks
which I have I can do it I can do it
okay
so then my next hand as long as I gave
both of my attacks I win and you do
great congratulations I win that that
backpack of preparedness has been paying
off so far barricade + dexterity relics
and powers equal invincibility they
could it could and there is there's
another car that like gives you even
when it when it's upgraded especially
gives you 40 shield if you pair that
with barricade this could do well anger
could do well for the long game every
time you play anger which is a free card
to use it does for damage and then makes
a copy of itself in your discard pile it
could just if there's things you want to
keep coming around well with your note
with your that might work for you it
could work for me the thing I really
need to concentrate on though is is draw
more cards I need cards that let me draw
more cards mmm this is this is a tricky
one jack is not at all interested in sub
subnautica and I don't I don't really
care either not even a little bit
hello shop
none of you let me draw more cards off
your block that's useless this is a good
one the minimal if I'd hand whenever you
play a power a random card in your hand
costs zero that's good one that's a good
one none of these will do me any good
son we're just gonna we're just gonna
delete a card we're just gonna trim down
we're gonna trim down the old deck here
get rid of another defense we don't we
don't need it trim it down slim and trim
years over get to some fucked up stuff
with these guys because and there's
multiple little enemies now
if you guys could replace any role with
Jeffrey Combs what role would you pick
showgirls replace Kyle MacLachlan or
replace no replace what's your favor
safer yeah a little bit Berkeley with
Jeffrey Combs yes I would pay real money
to see I'm an investor ah consider me an
absolute investor right off the bat real
money people real money I'll add a
second mortgage to my house just make
that happen yes
ed Oquendo says what are the chances Jay
and/or Josh joins you guys for the
injustice to stream also does mumblecore
have any merit or is just pure hipster
garbage thanks for all the streams love
you guys
I am other than being a name I've heard
I am not at all familiar with mumblecore
mumblecore is a at least in movies it's
a it's like what are they the duplo
brothers the what is it what was the
movie that what was the famous movie
that they did where it's like loner
loner people talking about how alone
they are Zach Braff made a mumblecore
movies yeah what was it called Garden
State yeah it's it's basically like you
know sad the sad boy movies yeah that's
mumblecore movies do play the Duplass
brothers yes yeah
Jeff who lives at home thank you and
plus if the whole the whole deal was
injustice to us the story so good it's a
good DC Comics story then we should be
paying more attention to the game and
less attention to guests so it probably
wouldn't even be a good idea right vana
Brown Adam Sandler says I am one of
those people who didn't like the
animated format so hopefully this extra
tip will help with the extra work
required for the couch format keep doing
what you're doing thank you we heard you
we're there we poked a little bit of fun
in this episode but we we hear you you
like to see our faces oh here's a fun
thing I'm gonna I think I'm gonna I'm
not gonna tell you the answer yet
yep chat I'll put up like an official
quiz on Twitter or something but for our
close-up cameras one of them is the you
know expensive brand new DSLR and one is
the five year old DSLR with the fact
hacked firmware guess who has the new
camera because they both looked really
good I think we go through your close-up
and my close-up looks very good
and I think they looked really similar
so it's gonna be a guess who had the
nice new camera do you have your camera
I had this game I hacked the old camera
so you can change the firmware so it it
records at a higher megabit per second
data rate okay it means I'm gonna burn
through memory cards I had to buy like a
fat new memory card for it but is it
okay is it legal to hack your camera
yeah it's legally old okay it is the
warranty yeah but it's legal okay
okay mister I don't like emulation
shears hacking his camera now and you
know while emulation is technically
legal having the Proms as those with
legal what if you owned the roms you
don't you can't buy the roms you what
you own you
disk it's a whole thing you know you can
use an emulator on your computer and
played from the disk you know you can do
that right right and that's that's fine
like if you own the disk then some
things you can actually just make copy
of your disk yeah yeah
but he's gonna curl up yeah he curls up
oh-oh-oh I'm a dummy dummy rich it's
fine everything's fine I got him
yeah what happens if you literally have
no cards what have you a managed you
managed to exhaust every card in your
deck then you can't play that turn and
just keep attacking you because you know
why cuz I've done it before with this
car this car that exhausts your cards
absolutely was an accident or was
curiosity huh
was it an accident or did you do it
deliberately out of curiosity out of
curiosity this this is the this is the
start of the make ins impervious gained
30 block which is really great one that
enemies about to do 52 damage it helps
alright alright alright I think I'm
gonna do the boss like I think I'm gonna
do the elites rather than the store cuz
I just don't have any money anyway
okay and so I'd rather have the extra
you in the first world yeah I'd rather
have the extra ruin oh this boss is
fairly easy to you'll be fine
yeah well the the problem with my
current my current deck does really well
against one enemy multiple enemies are a
problem how many worlds in this game
currently three no I'm assuming they're
going to expand it are they going to
expand it watch me have no idea
could you know what's fucking let's do
this right off the bat
magical tremor 37 says jak reviews
Skyrim on April 1st do it no would that
a lot No
rich Rai and jury at lunga lunga or sky
gray you know what I'm saying please
play blood-borne again because the blood
sings to you stop ignoring I played
again at some point
please play metal gear survive we're
talking about it and think about it
today we're thinking about thinking
about it I'm thinking about it you
remember that game with the shitty
storytelling yeah but I've had that
really that actually really good my
studies espionage infiltration combat I
do remember that yes let's take the the
interesting parts of the game play out
and just replace it with zombies
survival and zombies there you got to
eat and shoot the zombies
ah fuck
I'm a little fucked would you guys ever
do sponsored streams you get ads so
technically technically we already do
not only do we get ads but you you guys
you know give us tip you subscribe to us
which you know gives us revenue you
watch us on YouTube we are sponsored by
you I know what you mean though like
like would we ever do a stream where
it's like hey the nice people over at
Nintendo want us to play Super Mario
Galaxy
hey now and the problem is we could only
get away with it once because we
wouldn't give a shit and then no one
would ever sponsor stream again look
even even the part of me that would you
know that if they offered me enough
money we want to jump at it even you
know even with that oh that's a perfect
time for fire free fiend fire but yeah
but then I still have more it would ruin
us if people thought we were shells oh
yeah that's true uh honesty is her thing
we say what we think we say what we want
we do what we won't and I think I think
the minute the fans sense otherwise yeah
it's over that's that's a career ender
for us that's probably true that's
probably true
the short-term game that would not pay
off long-term yes our thing is making
fun of shills correct
yes
well that's the nice thing about this
enemy is I have the power up that any
time a card is exhausted I get shield
and all of these all of these days
guards exhaust so I get free shield
basically every time okay here we go
here we go now I can do some damage now
we can win all right that wasn't so bad
we made our way through that one we made
our way develop upon pickup upgrade to
random skills and so you know quick tip
you want to get cards first because one
of these might be a skill I don't like
any of these but if it's another
situation like that where we have
multiple enemies to deal with I would
like I like another attack
I like making him weak shuffle a wound
into your draw pile that doesn't hurt me
too much I can't I can't tell you what
to do again I mean I made it you know I
made it through that but from you know
it's like you're better at made this at
this game anyway so my input it just
okay weightless I upgraded a basic
defense which isn't good but I also
upgraded my my power through so now I
get 20 block into oh you know what I
don't mind
upgrading the basic defenses I don't
mind that sure I'd rather have him
upgraded than not yeah yeah but I could
have upgraded a strike I could've
upgraded impervious strikes you want to
get rid of anyway so I'm less I'm
lessened down with getting upgraded
strikes yeah I'll take an upgraded
normal defense card defend if I if you
if I upgrade impervious get 40 block
which is really nice what I really want
to upgrade is body slam it's good for
one turn and then it's gone for good
though I don't know about that
impervious I don't know about that man
if I can get that if I can get that a
barricade card and then you upgrade the
barricade and then it only
two instead of three yeah it can work it
can work it works early it's just later
when they're when you're literally
getting 70 damage done to you in a one
term yeah oh yeah yeah oh I know there's
it hurts that's all I could say it hurts
yes that's correct Jack hasn't win in
this game I do not I have one win and
you guys saw the the first half of it
which was the the amazing like triple
the the poison than triple the poison
again one though can I get like 25
percent credit absolutely oh no you get
50 percent credit you were there you
helped me build that day yeah yeah
absolutely
how harden says good evening jack all
right
Congrats on the air fly smackdowns you
have joined the company of Obama for fly
deaths I saw that thanks for sure
whoever so much air there with me
apparently Obama did the same thing so I
guess you could say I'm like Obama
you're the white Obama I'm the white
Obama that's what they call me they call
me misunderstood in my time okay here we
go and we win that doesn't qualify you
for president I don't know what does
this is what I'm saying
boom good luck tonight
to strength
I like I always I always want this card
this flex card which is like it's a free
play it makes all your attacks a little
stronger and then it goes away it goes
away and it takes up a room in your deck
it takes up room in your hand right
absolutely
all right I did get the the relic where
I can remove cards that's nice but we
got smithing to do we are going to
upgrade bodyslam so it is a free attack
whatever block I have okay that's that's
that's the way to go okay all right
doing great first boss boom flex is
great
someone says in the chat it's great
unless you're trying to keep your decks
small right I mean it looks great on
paper it's free doesn't it's not a big
benefit but it's free yeah but if your
strategy is based around getting those
certain cards to come up and come up
together yeah you don't want it in your
deck you know what flex works really
well with is that the card that doubles
your strength yeah cuz flex you get two
you get two strength you then double it
so you get four but then the flex only
takes away - yeah so it's like you it
helps you build up strength flex can
work
I'd rather have what's the one called
where it adds strength yeah spot
weakness or whatever it's called every
time they're attacking every time
they're attacking is that that strength
sticks around that's a good one
Oh or the double your strength attack
upgraded dozen exhaust so you can just
keep up well you well here's the thing
here's the problem with that that card
the card that doubles your strength yeah
if you don't have any cards that give
you strength in the first place it's a
complete waste
exactly exactly but that's why it's fair
it works well the Flex it works well
with Flex I think it works even better
with spot weakness though then they keep
coming up yeah okay okay okay we can do
this we can do this people who don't
play this game or just what
yeah it's gibberish to them it's pure
pure fucking gibberish fine that's fine
let it be
son of a bitch
that's okay I can
I can weather the storm I can weather
this do it man
he's just damaged I can make it I can
make this happen
yeah
but a negative effect of drink the
potion the artifact potions and the gate
negative effects enter and so all we
really want to do this time is is attack
I want to save I want to save my
friendly fire for when I have a bigger
hand and I want to save this to the hope
that it pairs with with my body slam
because that gives me a defense that's
right this this boss has a thing where
if you hit him enough times he goes into
this mode now he does less attack but
every time I hit him I take three damage
so he's only gonna attack me for nine
which is nothing it's something it's
something and he'll attack me for three
every time I attack him it adds up and
so then it's just like do I want to
attack him I do because I want to make
him vulnerable
Dave fore-quarters says I really enjoyed
the Star Trek Discovery review I
appreciate it you're referencing the
best episode of Trek ever made season 6
episode 19 of Deep Space 9 in the pale
moonlight it's pretty good I've seen it
a hundred times and Garrick only blinks
once as far as I know it's it's probably
the most badass episode of Deep Space
nine where Cisco really does some
unethical shit yeah
that's the whole point he had to do no I
got to do it damn it
Federation is dying I got to do it
come cards aren't coming up how I want
them to rich let me have so many cards
in your deck I only have 13 cards and
place the perfect time from previous
well yes it is but I want to pair that
with with my body slam and it's not
gonna work I'm fucking sorry you should
be
no this can work this can work
alright cuz I got this one which gives
me 20 block what's the damage in the end
oh yeah well he does 30 damage yeah so
that'll get him down to 120 and then
this I have 15 damage per card so if I
do so that if that's one one these three
four or four times we you're gonna use
the body slam first oh of course of
course so then that's 30 and 15 times
four is 70 is 100 well what's in your
deck how many attack cards you're gonna
have left are you gonna oh yeah I saw I
can't do it yet you can't do it yeah I
can't do it I can't do it but that's
okay and you can't do the two strikes in
the body slam absolutely
we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it he's whittling me
down but we're gonna make it
one small bosses just finished watching
predator in glorious way okay just
finished watching predator in a glorious
way to loud surround sound hmm
decided to check out the sequel being
shot right now and a little boy is front
of the call sheet hold me rich comfort
me
what what what
I read the thing you sure did I read the
thing absolutely
you predator predator is a fine movie
predators are fine yeah
while I am straight up shit creek
he's upset the main character in the new
predator movie is a little kid
oh that sounds stupid that sounds really
stupid by I I don't know I don't know
what they're doing with the new predator
movie
I'm not up on my predator news look if
it's if it's based on an old franchise
you love in the world we live in now
it's got to be terrible it's just it's
going to be awful
anonymous says so what happens if you
don't get barricade is there a way to
safe it will you'll be forced to start
all over again will you fail without
sense I Evans assistance
I lost way I know you have it yeah no
you haven't have if you do enough damage
he'll show up I have to do 27 damage
okay so that's six four oh yeah you're
all weak I've lost okay
well this game is totally fair
motherfucker rnjesus is displeased
apparently what have I done to displease
you are in Jesus I don't think it makes
any sense to build around something like
barricade unless you happen to get it
early I think I think your your first
few the first few cards you get those
are those were very important to this
game because you build it right yeah
that's what you have to build around so
what you got it will I was I was working
on a on a movement like you know what
what I needed was cards that added more
cards to my hand yeah and they're just
didn't get any I just didn't get
anything I had a fine start though that
was a fine start just play that you play
the what could I have done game you know
if I would have upgraded a different
card besides the body slam would that
have made a difference maybe yeah right
magic Trevor 37 says check and rich your
beards are looking nice a mine needs me
tremendous I have too much scruff up
here oh yeah you need you need to you
need to keep the word trim and nice
absolutely yeah
and I'm not doing that today it's bad
it's bad well it doesn't matter on this
camera you can't really tell have you
seen any good documentaries lately I
just saw one called
tickle dirt which is about a real-life
criminal tickle monster we're done great
thanks none met lately I don't even
remember what the last good documentary
I watched was but just just for fun I've
been I've been going into like the
Netflix and I've been just searching for
like just conspiracy theory nonsense
yeah like like like like the other day I
watched you know it's just like
background while I'm playing games
honestly remember Fox did two alien
autopsy with Jonathan Frakes
mm-hm you should you're garbage like
that
you know utter trash oh yeah cutter
trash but it's fun
especially when you know it was
definitively proven to be a hoax a I
don't know how recently but it's
definitively a hoax and they're talking
about it like such no this is the
smoking gun but a sheep guts in a thing
this is clear since he's wearing a
digital watch you got we can see the
zipper guys this in HD now
then I think like the filmmaker who
fainted came on so well no it's we had
to fake it because we've lost the real
footage but it's totally real classic
because real footage you haven't seen it
because we're law students we recreated
it fucking jackass
you know what I keep meaning to see
which I haven't yet is um I was recall
is it's not a documentary but it's a
biopic of the early days of National
Lampoon mhm
what is it called small and incredibly
loud okay someone in the chat is about
to tell me what it's what it's really
called it's on Netflix it was made by
David Wain the guy who made what had
American summer and it's called it's
called
it's called a subtle and futile gesture
no not subtle and futile gesture it's
clear is that it that's what it is a
futile and stupid gesture okay and it's
it's a Netflix made biopic of the early
days of national importance see people
on the chat are telling me to get
armaments armaments gives you five
blocks and you upgrade a card in your
hand for the rest of combat yeah which
is nice early on but as you move on
you're already upgrading those cards so
it makes this incredibly moot and you
only get five block yeah thinking about
Flex Giver
do you ever see the infamous Animal
Planet mockumentaries that aren't really
mockumentary they're just kind of faked
documentaries no Animal Planet made a
documentary two of them they made what
about mermaids
do they really yeah where they tried to
sell mermaids as being a real thing
that's great and they did another one
about megladon where they tried to show
that Megalodon was still alive and well
and they were very quiet about these
being completely fictional hmm and a lot
of stupid people bought it actually the
Beckwith town one isn't even the most
implausible thing in the world the
mermaid one is just completely fucking
bunkers and fun though yeah
didn't they also do one based on dragons
as well I think that one was one that
one fairly upfront during the program
about it being fiction though oh that's
right I get four to start with now I
chose a random relic and now I have my
first turn I get four
I think I think the dragon ones actually
has a segment up I could be
misremembering this weather up front
about it being fiction I think you're
allowed to see yeah not not not the
Megalodon one note that aired during
fucking Shark Week
I don't need any of them
upgraded armaments upgrades your whole o
arm but you have arguments no I was
talking to you about why I didn't want
armaments you weren't listening apparent
oh no I missed it I was thinking about
it little thing the chat about Animal
Planet and documentaries armaments you
were looking me in the eyes and nodding
you were like mm-hmm
I'm not getting in the way of your
strategies I just missed this fighting
you passed up armaments I was explaining
why I was passing up armaments because
it only lets you upgrade one card for
the rest of oh my god oh my god for the
rest of it I didn't realize you're
talking about armaments yeah no I
upgraded that that every card in your
hand if you've got a if you've got
something that gives you more cards
armaments is amazing hmm okay yeah
that's right that's right savio fresh to
another chance getting mad at me for not
bats backseat gaming gosh darn it
there's no winning rich there was
absolutely no winning I turned to you to
explain my strategy and in hopes that
you would you know either yay or nay my
my decisions all of shat was desperately
screaming that to him rich I I cured
more about the fig dinosaur documentary
maybe I'll get another chance oh here we
go
spot weakness it's a great card oh
nothing fits into your strats i have no
strats i just started okay I have no
strats or strength yeah like right now
my only strat is a slight strength strat
like is to go full strength but that's
not much of a strat you know if you'll
find something amazing at the shop and
will pair with what you're doing
we got here what do we got here we're
gonna get out of there searing blow can
be upgraded a number times I've never
done that but there's four HP gain to
draw three cards finesse this is what I
needed earlier this is what I needed on
my last run finesse gain to block draw
cards yes not bad to draw one card place
the card from your hand on top to drop
out that could work with oh that's too
late now
oh yeah with with the lasts with the
last thing but with with searing blow
and the one card that you passed up
because I wasn't paying any attention to
what you were saying they look really
really good together
because you could keep upgrading the
searing blow indefinitely so every every
time that card in your hand that venom
that that upgrade cards comes up you can
keep upgrading searing blow yeah so what
you're saying is I should get searing
blow and then try to get armaments again
you don't you yeah cuz this is right
here armaments is fairly common okay
yeah that's that's a fair plan anything
else in here not really five minutes
answer for each attack play this turn
deal one down they don't do nothing all
right that's fair we can do this we can
do this and we can upgrade searing blow
right away yeah and just it just keeps
keeps building up every time you upgrade
him another fire up there too oh that's
a good one I'll take it
take it
Jack upgrade searing blow at every
campfire we got it that's that's
dangerous to do though because sometimes
you're just low on health but yes oh
yeah I usually usually I don't use the
fires for health on the if I'm using a
fire for health in the first world I'm
doomed to failure anyway so usually I
don't was the best female video game
character I don't know
bayonet is not bad beta is fun like been
a fun babe
you know going on Sammis I was gonna say
going off of the prime series the one
that actually gave her character well I
suppose you know same as what was the
one where her character's fine just
being badass yeah yeah gave her a little
give her a little backstory little a
little voice was nice but yeah samus
shell yeah I'm just kind of an on
character I don't mind shell portal
shell is in the same boat as Gordon
Freeman where like that there they are
deliberately an on character so you can
be them yeah
I'm gonna put the do marine in that same
category up until doom 2016 and I'm
character feels like there's a
personality there now yeah that's fair
what was the most well-rounded video
game character pac-man thank you she's
gonna she's gonna be here all night
well the the Jack delay was because
because I ain't like I'm a genuine
person and in my head for that like
three seconds I was actually like wait a
minute what's pac-man's characters
what's really get at me I was like I was
ready to enter into a conversation with
Richard about the pros and cons about
pac-man's characteristics before I
realized oh he's just because he's a
circle see not just a circle he's bald
oh this could be nice so again thinking
about armaments yeah
draw a three car yes yeah okay all right
all right if you find armaments that's
great well that's what that's what we're
going for that's what we're building
towards yes
keep doing it just keep doing it now
you're at 21 yeah that's pretty good
that's pretty good
yeah kind of got hosts oh yeah a lot of
defense I just really want I wanted to
at least kill the worm yeah no I don't
even think I'll be able to do that well
10 but then he puts new shield what do
me just go all defense I think I have to
I'll defense and then strike him once at
least optionally use the weak if you
don't want to lose any coins but
probably save that know I'm safe yeah
I'm safe say but I'll save that for the
boss oh yeah and I have my spikes my
scales so I do a little bit of damage
here okay
hot pants us hey guys love the stream
question if he could remake any movie
from the best of the worst series for
the proper budget and work behind it
which one would it be
we've we've had a movie like that on
best of the worst before we even
mentioned that right I know this has
happened well this could work if you'd
if you did this this event off the top
of my head yeah robot Jack's okay you
give that a decent budget that could be
a lot of fun yeah but you know that's
simple you just need another good
another good robot fighting you just
needed a second act action sequence that
wasn't climbing the electric rope yang
right
the sweeper that's one of them the
sweeper just ice organization the
vigilante and the insane car chases
where the highway kept exploding and the
cars we're still driving down the
highway normally did I see this you
might not have been there you might not
have been there edged weapons edged
weapons is perfect as it is I would not
change a fucking thing about edged
weapons
I'm a dummy I'm about to think I would
not want to alter shopping mall I would
not want to alter crazy fat Ethel
because that's fine that's funny because
it's nuts we're talking about something
that had a good premise it just didn't
have the budget didn't have the this
event yeah oh I think there's a lot like
what was the what was the one where the
guy was like you know putting together
his team we watch it we just watched it
recently yeah I I don't remember the
name Duncan Jack's it was that the guy
who am I thinking of something else I
don't know no I might be thinking of
order of the black eagle or the iron
eagle or whatever that one was whatever
one we just watched where it's just like
the guy but putting together yeah we get
the team but everything was done poorly
low blow no I just want to see more of
low blow I don't necessarily want to
remain low blow just want more low blow
yeah that's fair it's absolutely fair
Joe kitty 0:01 says hey guys this game
looks like a browse heavily from
hearthstone ever play it I did play
hearthstone no this is a deck building
game and not a collectible card game in
a collectible card game you start off
with your deck already made and then
just your hands are what change in a
deck building game you spend the game
slowly crafting your deck two very
different things
though it like the the battle to battle
gameplay is seemingly the same very very
different things but I played
hearthstone and yeah I don't I don't
much care for collectible card games
because there's so much pay to win
there's so much pay to win and there's
so much like outside of game game
somebody I have seen somebody say
there's a mode for hearthstone now
that's more like like this hmm where's
it more there's a deck building mode
hearthstone now that's me I know very
little about this that's neat
Horace tone has a dungeon mode which is
pretty much this game oh okay well
that's cool
and that sounds like something I would
enjoy sounding the answer is we're not
familiar with it yeah I have hearts so
like hearthstone is on my phone right
now
twenty-four early access is a ripoff
then wait till it's not an early access
and I know why people bitch about this
if you don't like that something's in
early access avoid it till it's no
longer an early access your problem is
completely solved oh here we go and it's
on sale there you go there you go now
that's the one you need to upgrade yeah
yeah oh there's another Syrian blood
they're sharing below there I don't know
that's quite the awesome pairing it
sounds like cuz you only really need one
well you want to keep a lever there
there - yeah yeah I can't even use both
of them okay unless I have another card
okay do I want to remove another card
you got a lot of strikes just taking up
space so now we got a fire so we can
upgrade that armaments yeah 45 felt I
can pry make it in the first world yeah
okay okay I'll create all cars in your
hand for the rest cabinet yeah yeah okay
okay we got the makings here rich do you
want something I don't know if you're
gonna get the damage output you really
need for the endgame you you really need
to upgrade that searing blow every like
just about every fucking campfire right
right
well let's see what we do we got we got
a push from that gives this extra energy
if we need it and I gotta use that week
whenever he I suppose I could just use
that now point and weaken him up let my
love been says to the jacks and the
Richards an order of preference were to
use list these three human traits
emotionality and physicality mentality -
metal first then body then a cold cold
heart I I don't I don't know maybe
mentality first I don't I don't have any
preferences like what yeah what are you
talking about man who hurt you
intelligence is important
are these what we're looking for in like
a partner or
for six so if I wanted to I could use my
potion I'm gonna save my potion okay
just hit me for six and save my potion
yeah I already had four o'clock so it's
okay so now he's hitting me for twelve
Richwood a think of kids walking out of
class to protest for stricter gun
controls there they're doing probably
more good than the the memorial they
walked out of her talk during I didn't
hear about them talking during it yeah
man they got a bunch of kids who just
saw the friends die in front of them
they're angry and they want to do
something about it I think it's great
he's fucking great let these kids do
what to do man it's probably doing more
than the empty words you get out of the
memorial as assembly
12
forty let's hit let's go big let's go
big let's go big let's go big go big go
big you know what fuck it let's hit him
harder let's hit him harder rich
yes thoughts and prayers are utter
bullshit yes they were harmful thoughts
and prayers are harmful because they
make people think they're doing
something when they're in fact doing
absolutely nothing of any use to anyone
thoughts and prayers are more than
worthless they're harmful
fuck
I'm dead
to be fair tweets are equally worthless
yeah I'm gonna play devil's advocate
here for a second okay
a tweets are almost worthless cuz it
could help spread awareness okay for
something what if your tweet is thoughts
and prayers worthless rich believes in
science science won't save anyone either
says somebody
oh wait that's a troll that's a troll
yeah that's troll alright strong rich
believes science won't save anyone
either
except for or did they kappa don't worry
that persons were trying to get my
attention by saying nonsense no okay I'm
dead I lost again I lost I'm this boss
again oh no I'm not dead oh my god oh my
god I forgot about is the thing oh shit
I got to completely rethink my shit now
what happened I'm not dead why did you
think you were dead
cuz he was about to hit attack me for a
whole lot 21 oh I win I win what I'm
winning yeah okay okay I win
holy crap I thought I was dead hey we
did it
Oh beloved says are we at a stage now
where Bruce Wayne could be gained in a
relationship with Robin it would add
more attention to any scene where Robin
gets kidnapped no no the same you know
what for the same reason that Batman
should not be in a relationship with bad
girl dude he's the mentor figure that's
a parent-child relationship if Bruce
Wayne wants to be gay that's great he
cannot date his subordinates yes no
matter what gender that's a whole
different dynamic that's like--that's of
Fifty Shades you're talking that's you
know so you're still out of luck I'm
sorry all right rich rich we have some
decisions to make
don't think about Megalodon yeah yeah
demon form you waste an entire term you
do but at the start of each turn you
gain two strengths double tap very nice
next attack is played twice double taps
only really worth it if you can upgrade
it but you've got the card that upgrades
cards right demon form oh that's so
tempting I don't know though it's so
tempting I can see yeah it's so tempting
ah but if I get double tap which I have
the card that upgrades cards then I
could play searing blow
twice in a row and my next attack twice
in a row although actually I really
should pick up another attack because I
oh I have almost no other attack like
besides my basic strengths you've
already got spot weakness for strength
yeah I do and flex so I don't
necessarily need more strength so I
probably need double that I did it I did
it okay I did it okay no more thinking
about it potions always drop after
combat
gained one energy at the start of each
turn but start combats with two wounds
in your draw pile when you would dial
heal 50% of your max HP instead usually
I don't get that I think I'm gonna get
that cuz if we can make it to the boss
okay okay that could give us our second
breath I'm gonna use that I think that's
the right call
I'm gonna use that if we can get to the
final boss that that could be the the
thing that that changes I didn't I
didn't see what the other ones were but
yeah well one is really nice it means
it's a guaranteed potion drop after
every battle yeah which you know you use
potions sure and then the other one was
you gain one energy use but then you
always have two wounds in your drop pile
which I don't you know that could that
could mess up any strats yeah that you
had I got a shop here okay so what do we
need to round out the deck we need we
could use another decent attack you know
we have this big strength one you know
what card I'm looking for now is there's
the card break is that Limit Break would
be great but there's the card that
triples any attack bonus you have yeah
does mega damage it's really good nice
you know what I'm talking about oh the
one attack card that it did heavy blow
or something heavy blow it does like 14
damage but then it multiplies whatever
multiplier you have by three well if you
upgrade if it's by five yeah and I'm
going yeah yeah so we we could use at
least one other good attack card cuz
right now I only have one good if you
look at you're looking pretty weak on
defense also a good defense card would
help yeah I mean we basically what I'm
saying is we have a long way to go but
we are more making our way downtown
walking fast okay here's a fire
one fire you're to fire your deck is set
up to build strength over time and
you're gonna get mauled before you get
to the the point where you have enough
strength to do did the DEF blows yeah I
know we got to stick to the edge here if
we stick to the edge we can hit four
fires okay here we go here we go what
did I get ten Danish all enemies great
close
it's like wait what's your potion like
tend to all anime so I can kill you know
what I think it's worth killing one of
them you think yeah
I think it's worth it I think that's
fair just save all my energy well yet
never gonna be twenty damn it you had no
shield so to Vox do-rag says hey guys
just wondering if you get that board
game I sent you
it's called amazing guy right here in
the play it's in the plastic it's in the
plastic Gill also if you had to cast
Bayonetta in a movie who would you pick
dream casting of course I'd have to
think about it Bayonetta someone British
the accents important the accents
important the accents important you can
do a good accent Cobie Smulders oh if
she could do a British I don't know if
she can I know I know she has the right
look to she has the right look gal gadot
no no no
now you know back in the day like during
during Tomb Raider era you'd say
Angelina Jolie she could she do decent
Bayonetta back in the day
what's her what's her name from Fight
Club Helena bonham-carter or what what's
your name Helena bonham-carter
yeah what do you think she's got she's
got some sass to her
still no still no
she does indeed have sass we're talking
dream casting like not not not
necessarily what they're like now right
I know I know she's probably getting up
there an age but I'm better the words
were disregarding that
Kate Beckinsale's when I've seen a lot I
flex you from I know the name from the
underworld movies oh well I've never
watched them
yeah should I be able to pull it off she
got a little sass to her Pamela Anderson
Nevada cannot be a bimbo also you needed
someone who's like a decent actress
Bayonetta is sexy but she is not a bimbo
panel Anderson can only play bimbos uma
could have pulled it off
uma totally could have pulled it off
back in the day me I've made some
mistakes I've made some mistakes rich
but that's okay we're still here
what's tank girls named Lori petti no no
she's she's the cute one
I don't like any of these I don't like
any of these clashes alright I'm okay
with clash don't take any of them I know
I just want you know clash is another
spot your hand where you need these
things that increase your strength to
come around as frequently as possible
probably don't want it you don't want it
let's see what these question marks they
have to offer
okey be 85 cents hey wreckers one of the
best debt tacos I've seen is lost soul
the doom journey of Richard Stanley's
island of dr. Moreau potentially good
film tank by the insane Brando and
asshole
Kilmer it's great
Jennifer Connelly I don't know that
Jennifer Connelly has the right amount
of sass I love Jennifer Connelly I love
me some Jennifer Connelly but yeah again
she plays she plays the kind of the most
he could you need you need more than
just the look yeah you need you need the
the right attitude can I do it I mean
I'm gonna do it
that might have been a mistake but
that's fine we're playing with fire here
people were playing with fire any
interest in x-files I'm struggling to
get through the current season isn't the
current season only six episodes 10
listen that doesn't bode well you be
fucked yeah but you know what it's fine
I'm a little fucker this time it's just
not fair when they're doing 23 damage
attorney let alone let alone 50 like
they do later it's just it's just not
fair
sometimes this game can be total
bullshit that's true
I think that's absolutely true sometimes
once mob bosses love the Star Trek
review even though I don't watch the
show shut this is I guess technically
this is spoilers were you serious about
the plan to the did from the last
episode and the last episode of Star
Trek Discovery I haven't seen okay
I've you know where I've got an even
plan to see it we've been watching it
and I hate it I fucking hate it so hard
rich you know we signed up for another
like free week yeah and we just got to
the point so little Star Trek discovery
spoilers right now we just got to the
point where they got back to our
dimension yeah and it did ruin lorca the
all the mirror like the mirror facade
went on for way too long
everything just happens way too long
it's so boring well that was that was
the best the show was I should kind of
like those episodes even though it
ruined a potentially great character in
marca for the sake of maze villain haha
okay now what do you got what do you
replace that with no no no but it was
like I got it as soon as as soon as that
got there they're like oh we're gonna
see we're gonna see our friends but
they're acting like villainy and like oh
it's tearing me up inside and then that
whole stupid the prisoner is the Klingon
bullshit oh I hated that but they're so
stupid and that was happening in there
and everyone's a villain and I hated
everything and it was just dour and
everything sucked I know I hated it
there and then they come back and it's
like okay we just got out of this awful
depressing mess let's go back to our
dimension and fucking do some sigh oh
the war all the wars ever
going to watch the rest you can spoil it
cuz I just don't care about that are you
going to watch yeah but I won't care but
you won't care my boy is the chat that
might people in the chat care that's up
to them okay okay it's a great fucking
show what's not to get the fact that
it's not a great show I don't know what
you mean by great if you want action
sci-fi it's been done much better I mean
just watch Farscape if you want to
action sci-fi the TV show
well you if you want so but let's say
you want something with like current
graphics and whatnot the there's the
expanse man it's there's fucking great
shit out there all over the place let's
take the the most unlikable and most
boringest character and let's make her I
lead I hated that the show is from her
perspective because that means they
can't do like just an episode and
engineering they can't because Michaels
not there like the ship is it's it's
supposed to be an ensemble show the ship
is our vision of our view into this
world but no we got to go through
Michael who's a dummy who's just a
gosh-dang dummy
I guess spoilers no they're not done
I'll just I'll just fucking go into it
they got a blow-up Chronos which one's
Chronos the Klingon homeworld they have
a suitcase bomb they're gonna put in a
volcano on Chronos to blow up Kronos
perfect they for some reason yeah they
have evil giorgio as captain of the ship
for this mission
Starfleet's down with it its Starfleet's
idea Cornwall and and Saric are all on
board this blowing up the Klingon
homeworld idea and rather than just
having a trusted Starfleet captain do it
for some reason it needs to be the evil
Empress from the mirror universe
I love it it's great oh and I guess it's
a secret that they're putting a bomb on
Kronos even though it's clearly obvious
they're going to put a bomb and blow up
Chronos but then Michael Burnham has a
change of heart
Michael Burnham she sees the light Jack
suddenly because she was in love with a
man who might be a Klingon or was it
Klingon or wasn't a Klingon it was
turned into a Klingon where he's to
Klingon turn I don't know but because
she loved him now she likes the Klingons
doesn't want to blow them up and it's
Starfleet away they've from the
beginning of the episode from the first
for the pilot they EDD to the end of
they happens it's completely
flip-flopped now fuck this show and she
gives the the the detonator
to that one Klingon bitch so she can
basically hold the Klingon government
hostage and that ends the war oh and
then and then the enterprise shows up
what really yep fuck everything at all
alright we're done we're done you know
because that that romance that was done
oh so well oh the linchpin to everything
the romance between the non character
and the emotional void I'll let you
decide which was which I've been here
before written I don't want to do it
okay
you got fiend fire which is nice and I
and I have a decent deck where I'm like
growing in strength and building up
strength so like this could do mega
bucco damage right but also just like I
I could use just another card that just
does damage I have so few you know
here's like that 10 damage fiend fire
though fuck it fuck it let's do it
fuck it we're doing it I'm saying fuck
it fuck it we're doing it
you were starting Star Trek with little
to no knowledge of the entire thing
where would you start season 3 of the
next generation oddly season 3 season 1
is very very rough season 2 is hit or
miss season 3 if you like season 3 of
next gen that's what the series becomes
you know you know what you're in for
if you start with season 3 if you like
if you start watching season 3 and you
like it then you can go back and start
the earlier episodes with the knowledge
that it does get better
interesting rich things just got real
things just got really interesting if I
can make it past this fight that is
for the only bad thing with watching
season 3 before one is cute episodes
will confuse you a bit
he's an antagonist space god there you
go I've just given you cues backstory
and they do a really good job of setting
up his power set from the get-go yeah
okay
madam says imbalance of terror the
Federation see Romulans for the first
time and shit their pants because they
look like Vulcans that was ignored an
Abrams Star Trek do you think Star Trek
discovery writers will honor canon these
people are funny right
it's people money
Nana says hey guys what's one game you
have fond memories of that you wish was
available on GOG or steam my pick would
be freedom fighters love that game and
would buy it on Steam in a heartbeat
the original MechWarrior apparently
spider-man shattered Dimensions which
used to be on Steam and now I want to
play it but it's not on Steam anymore
that's met warrior two though no
MechWarrior one man Meck Meck warrior
one the way they handled the story or it
was just kind of optional and you could
miss it you could miss the main story
question detention but that more--or one
was great obviously yeah yeah yeah
mechanics and combat why's there are
many improvements for for two but I
would I would love to see a remake of
McQuarrie or one you can negotiate your
contracts MechWarrior wanting it would
give you you like negotiate for a higher
percentage of salvage rights which would
give you incentive to not damage your
enemies too much because you were gonna
profit off of that shit
yeah
never played armored core rich I think I
played one of why don't know which one I
think I played a little bit of one of
them once and I wasn't blown away I
don't like that I get arrested but I got
arrested MechWarrior one you would like
find people you wanted a higher and
there's a lot of good things about
MechWarrior one them MechWarrior - I
can't stand the clans I didn't like that
MechWarrior - wanted me to be a member
of the stupid warrior race Otto Otto
fight for honor glory test of battle on
door yeah there was a mech warriors -
mercenaries I guess I guess an expansion
where I guess it's kind of an expansion
/ sequel okay but a little bit more
linear than mech warrior one on or
honor you say did not like being a
member of the clans in MechWarrior -
rich hates Klingons confirmed kind of
they're not my favorite villains by any
means
I'm on the ropes I'm on the ropes here
rich
yeah I'm on the goddamn ropes and so
every time I get to a fire I need to
spend all my time resting and I can't do
this thing I got I got this this relic
here so I can just up my my base
strength mm-hmm I want to use it or I
want to use the Smith to fucking better
my cards but I can't cuz I got to rest
all the goddamn time because I'm on the
fucking ropes
I try to watch TNG should I skip the
first one or two seasons I don't know
that you should skip them entirely my
entire point is that those seasons are
rough especially one like season 2 is
hit or miss season 2 has some of the
worst episodes of Star Trek to the next
generation but it also has some of the
best season 2 is a mixed bag okay I only
suggest starting at season 3 because I
think it's a much better reflection of
the rest of the series ok
oh that's right you confuse me Damon
this is gonna throw off this throws off
everything just throws off absolutely
goddamn everything rich
just start at one yes one and to have
some bad apps but if you're gonna watch
it all just start at one like why you
know why it's not like this the ongoing
story and you will be lost it's very
episodic and season what is crap
I can see season one scaring people off
and and see that's the so like I I
generally speaking yeah I'm a bit of a
purist and I like to start from the
beginning just so I can kind of evolve
with the show yeah I that's what I like
rich makes a very good point that not
everyone will have the patience to put
up with a show finding its way uh-huh
so you start with the good stuff then
you can always go back I'm with you you
go back once you know what it becomes it
okay I know what's coming and I can I
want to get through this though just so
I can say I've seen it all then you go
back and watch season 1 yeah
just started at the start knowing it
gets better and enjoy it for what it is
but if you're not a Star Trek fan to
begin with you don't you don't have any
hook to keep you around right you're
going you don't want to start with the
rough shit
measure of a man is in season two and
that's arguably arguably the best
episode yes I said season two is some of
the worst and some of the best apps
season two is very mixed
Farpoint terrible episode I'm sorry I
know it's the pilot it's not that good
it's fun date alors I know they
introduced Laura but it's really not a
good episode she's gonna vvill really
skin of evil one of the one of the worst
episodes of television not just Star
Trek but of television skin of evil
which one skin of evil the tar monster
that kills Tashi our measure of a man
that's season two and it's excellent q
who
q who season two and it's a great
episode because I said season two is hit
or miss I'm not saying never ever go
back to watch the first two seasons I'm
just saying
start at three so you get a feel for the
series and then you can go back here it
is this could be big people heavy blade
14 damage but strength effects heavy
blade three times that could be it that
could be it if I can if I can lat okay
so now here's the real question wrench
this this is the game breaker so I'm on
world - right
50 health yeah I can rest
I could upgrade a card or I could raise
my base strength by one where you want
50 health and I have a potion that heals
three HP at the end of each round where
are you at I'm at the boss this is the
fire before the boss oh you want to heal
for the first boss for the second this
is second you want to heal you think you
think you think I'm doing it all right
let's see the boss see the boss oh this
guy
how did data have sex potage ER he was
built with a penis
that right there is general knowledge my
friend every Star Trek series has one
episode that is so terrible so much
worse than the house buildable here's
the problem though season one they're
all that episode every episode of season
1 is awful god awful
Jevons what is the worst TNG episode in
the series well you have to say the clip
episode right because technically it's
an episode absolutely
shades of gray
I always struggle sorry to derail your
it's not just for a second here I always
struggle with vulnerability
I love vulnerability you know so when
when an enemy is vulnerable it means
that they take 50% more damage huh and
so right now I could bash him for 11
damage and the next turn he'll still be
vulnerable so he'll have 50% more damage
next turn okay so that's a gamble if I
have good attack next turn which I'm
gonna have heavy blade I'm gonna have
spot weakness I could have a good attack
I could I could really fuck him up next
turn or I can hit him for 24 guaranteed
right now fuck up next turn if I come up
next to me so we're Star Trek episode uh
yeah actually somebody in the chat said
why would you build an Android with a
penis well here's the thing datum wasn't
really built for utility it wasn't built
to like stock the shelves at the grocery
store Dana was a passion project he more
of a child than a device yeah
Bank Pinocchio he's a real little boy
he's a real little boy
or I could end up 461
it's nice he was David was an art
project
right they were he was they were trying
to build a very human-like Andrew right
yeah yeah an art project more like a son
than a can opener
tiny door says advice for the game don't
read it if you don't want to lecture
know your mindset of having as small a
deck as possible is faulty you should
aim for around eight to ten extra cards
for best synergy and combos good luck I
think that's fair and to be fair that we
we you know we're speaking very simple
terms as far as smallest deck but when
you're dealing with probability here you
want to make sure that every card you
have can synergize with every other car
and like let's say I have these two
cards over here that synergize really
well together and then these three cards
over here that synergize well together
but the five don't necessarily work with
each other that's not necessarily a good
thing because then you might add up you
might end up with one over here and one
over here and then you just have to
mediocre cards and so the the idea with
keeping a small deck is making sure that
all of your synergies play well together
I feel like we're saying the same thing
it's basically basically where I'm going
with this okay we get you it's not about
having the tiniest deck
right-ho jeep says rich here is my idea
of how they could and I'm not sure if
this is a joke or not here's my idea for
how they could insert Kirk into season
two of Star Trek discovery have
discovery do an arc involving young
lieutenant Kirk on the Farragut fighting
the smoke monster from the original
series episode obsession why why do we
need to see what was essentially just
the backstory for a good episode of the
original series especially when we know
how it already ends why what what do you
get out of that
what
what do you get out of that under a man
for what 88 or their sixth they're
saying double tap DoubleTap and heavy
blade sure oh I was just doing the math
to see if I did my two strikes
Oh cuz I could I could do heavy blade
twice or I could do both strikes twice
and so that's 44 plus 44 is 88 and heavy
blade twice is 107 106 oh yeah I was
just doing the math I'm with you don't
worry I'm with you like I'm not sure if
that was a joke
I could assume that was a joke spit
balling spit ball spitball marriage
we're all we're gonna see either
probably Kirk or Spock and they're gonna
they're gonna make a huge point of
pointing out how much better Michael
Burnham is than them you know it you
know it Jackie that at this at this
point I just don't care I like I don't
care about Michael Burnham I don't know
why they thought Michael Burnham was the
best for the world she's the worst
character and you know what if she was
just a part of the ship and like the
show if she was not the stars we thank
Karen for nobody likes and I'd be fine
because then you know the moody
character can come in and go oh I wonder
how the Rudy character is gonna have
x-ray vision that moody character right
and it'd be fine we'd go off and have a
Tilly episode next week everyone would
like it because Tilly's great yes but no
the show is centered around Michael
Burnham when every fucking other Star
Trek show has been an ensemble I know I
know she's gonna be so much smarter than
Spock Spock is gonna insists that a
thing and then Michael Burnham's gotta
correct him and Spock's not gonna listen
and the Michael Byrne is gonna have to
save the day because Spock fucked up I
can't wait I can't wait till they shove
that character I hate down my throat
some more
okay okay okay we got this we got this
we got this
what if they write her out of the show
Allah Wesley I would be so done with
that we can braise this we can break it
we can brace one hit alright we got this
we got this we got this all we gotta do
is 56 all we got to do is 61 damage we
can do 61 damage right right
can't we can we not I don't know what
what's your what's your 26 yeah oh yeah
we won we won
nice nice nice we did it we won

[Part II]
one like that too
I like both of these I like both of
these rich I am often at or below 50% of
my health mm-hmm that gives me a bonus
energy to spend it's really nice I've
never been necessarily out of energy but
you know having that having that extra
one out there you know oh that could
that could be the shield that I need to
survive right
yeah I'm not I know you don't
I'm not backseat gaming you on this I
know you I know you don't like barricade
I do have I will say callous eyes I will
say yeah it doesn't look like you have
enough shield cards to make barricade
worth it how many shield cards do you
have
oh right now I have you got you had jack
shit for defense
I got jack shit for defense which is
something I need to work on anyway so I
might as well have barricade so all my
defense hangs around but it's not going
to hang around because you don't have
enough defense for it to stack up well I
have this I can italicize three eternal
they're gonna be doing they're gonna be
doing at minimum in world 325 damage a
turn I know barricade is gonna be
fucking useless to you at this point
don't take barricade unless no no no no
unless I no no no everyone was upset at
me for not getting earlier I have just
made up for it I am putting my foot down
you're free that you were free to ignore
it absolutely okay so then the other the
other option here which is a real option
is feed which is if I use this as a kill
card I get three permanent max HP how
often to your max HP I think the clear
answer is berserk
but I'm not you I'm not you know we we
need we need to work together it's
because we need a win I'm saying berserk
all right I'm saying berserk that's
great I see that in the chat you're
talking a little bit about Black Panther
I have seen Black Panther by the way and
while it is a very good movie I don't
know if I'd put it even and I wouldn't
put it my top three I don't know if I'd
put it my top five it's good it's not
like the greatest yeah the Black Panther
yeah the way I put it I had very similar
problems to Black Panther that I had
with Thor Ragnarok and guardians of the
galaxy which is I don't necessarily care
about anything here huh you know like a
lot of Black Panther and he's the king
of Wakanda yeah it has to do with like
the struggle for the throne I don't care
who's the king of Wakanda I just don't I
just you know like it's the same with
Thor Ragnarok where it's like it's about
what you're like saving Asgard I don't
give a fuck about Asgard get out of here
right
but I liked Black Panthers he's a good
movie they did unlike Ragnarok and
unlike guardians I think Black Panther
did a really good job of simplifying the
grandiose King struggle but in any case
all right let's see I still haven't seen
it and honestly I still don't care that
and that's fine I don't think you have
to oh this is this is the worst I don't
even know why this exists gain one extra
energy but you can no longer see intense
oh yeah why would you ever want that at
the end of the turn you no longer disk
oh rich yeah I know
that's good that's a good thing that's a
good thing that's a good thing at the
end of my turn you no longer discard
your cards you just want one explaining
for the Yahveh oh yeah in case they
didn't see so I will now just grow my
hand which means that this fiend fire
car that I have will do mega fucking
damage all right let's think about this
it's also good with armaments
oh that's right when you've got nearly
all of the cards in your hand you use
that you upgrade the ball fuck rich your
deck is built a lot like the deck I had
when I lost on string oh I know
because because I'm gonna run in I'm
gonna run into that one enemy that
reduces all damage to one and I was
gonna sit there I'm gonna be fucked well
no matter what you have to deal with an
elite that is terrible here's an elite
every branch every branch yep
okay so what's gonna help a shop could
help question marks might help so
shopping question marks till we get to
the elite that's the plan I wait use a
fire yeah but there's no there's a fire
right after that one a lead there yeah
but what gets me the most fires if I
take this if I take this route that's
one - here's one - how many enemies are
ya a factor and how many enemies are you
fighting on the way alright question
marks 10 elite this is the plan for now
ah these fuckers
when you may as well
these fuckers
instead of watching black panther I'd
rather watch blade - yeah ladies great
no you won't get any argument with me
their blades here's a great movie
motherfucker look at these guys
oh I know look world 3 this game is just
blatantly not fair
right now they're not doing anything
special just the normal attacks combined
what is that 16 26 plus 8 is 34 34 34
out the gate 34 out the gate like what
good would you barricade do here no
nothing nothing good would do nothing
use your potion oh yeah i'vei've walk
suppose I could friendly fire one of
them no I mean he'll you know gaining
strength here will flex it up oh no I
can't off you can kill while you can't
now I can't man next turn
I get three extra Donnie I got it I got
it
but one has the ice-skating up a line
right
it's twice but I only have it's not a
good reason not to use the Battle of the
draw three cards one right there any
good reason not to use that you don't
lose these cards
it's cause
I mean everything's almost upgraded all
right here but I could get it upgrade
double tap I could but it won't matter
cuz once I use that and heavy blade I
don't even need to double tap heavy
apply again yeah use heavy blade on one
of them but searing searing blow and
double tap would kill one of them then
the next turn heavy blade would kill one
of them and then one of them's weak
because you got you got two turns to
kill them all before one response right
right if you get one of them weak enough
or you can kill them with any kind of
weak card then some combination of
double tap Tsering blade and heavy blade
you should be able to wipe them all out
we have within two charts well it's like
so what what I could do is I could use
heavy blade on this one cuz he's about
to attack and then that'll stop him
attack okay okay then I could use
re-weight wood shearing blade do the
trick to he's weak enough 28 he said no
no he's at 31 well would double tap it
would with double tapping yeah I could
double tap either way no if you want to
upgrade double tap now yeah yeah so I
could I could what I could do is I could
armaments I could heavy blade okay and
then wait so now he won't attack me
anymore because I've defeated him these
guys are gonna get shields but hopefully
we can do something maybe double tap
searing blow wait another turn use
friendly fire on the remaining one you
know
20 40 40 with double time but even
that's not enough
yeah and they're both gonna hit me so I
really I have to concentrate just on
taking out one of them or you could
defend this turn then I get five or I
get eight 18 I get 18 which isn't gonna
defend yeah no shit and I know this guy
will be back you gotta take out another
one okay so that's 60 okay so I can take
out this guy okay so you can't
- you know have enough energy a
motherfucker where my other energy go
use it on the spot weakness mother
fucker
this is only the first battle this is
the world battle of world through yep I
really think they need to rebalance this
game I genuinely I genuinely believe
that uh motherfucker flex is free at
least okay what are we doing here what
just just what are we doing okay we can
take out this guy with with a regular
strength that's one you have for energy
to use you have searing searing blow and
oh wait you don't know heavy strike
anymore it come up next you can you can
bash the one in the middle and then
searing blow would kill the one on the
left 25m searing below him yeah okay
alright alright
yeah shams wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait what would a normal stripe do
now wonderful yeah but you also got the
way no no no cuz the bash only applies
to the one you had never mind never mind
keep what you were doing all right now
we just have to take out this one which
is that's easy that can jump to any of
the cards
well fire fiend I'll just use fire fee
right just to you know what just to
really rub it in just to really rub it
in double tap it's actually no we won't
do anything I know if you're gonna go to
because there's no more cards to burn
that's true yeah harness another armor
well I don't know maybe with with the
way your hands set up now might not be
as useful right so I'll take that back
exhaust all non attack cards anything no
no
okay shop hey friend Dib this thing has
you know it's it's tricky as hell but
it's come in handy a couple times
whereas every tenth attack deals double
damage this could be good yeah this is
playing the odds but a random card in
your hand costs zero look for the rest
of calm yeah that could be really
helpful it could be I donate that card
it could also just be jack shit I could
do shit for me alright card you get
seven black exhaust
thunderclap yeah did you guys care about
halo when Bungie was at the helm no no
no I'm playing though FPS for the
fucking gamepad
oh yeah
look my love bird says Hollywood could
start releasing two films at once same
story different sides let's say Batman
and Joker's perspective of a bank heist
we can emphasize of both plus you would
have to watch both movies yeah yeah I
guess they could do that I don't know
that I'd want to see the same movie
twice it's just from perspectives I
don't know what I would pay to do that
it could be me but what might be a
better ideas just to make to like halves
of the movie from the same perspective
you know that way you don't have to this
is there for hours that's like an old
sitcom trope there was a next generation
episode like that Oh probably where they
used the holodeck remember the Riker was
accused of a crime and then they used
the holodeck to do crime scene
recreations and then they had like
Rikers version of the recreation the
accusers version of the recreation Oh
another madness Oh No fuck
I'd rather heal I could get another
madman get to madness cards and there's
11 HP HP right now so we're gonna heal
and take a stupid card which really
doesn't matter at this point because I
get all my cards all the time CT CT tu
148 since I guys should be getting ready
for an interview with a German
university tomorrow Here I am being
distracted by you
yay what are your favorite artsy fartsy
foreign films
you're the best I have that much
experience with artsy fartsy foreign
films Run Lola Run wasn't bad
speaking of the same story from
different perspectives even though it's
the same story from different times but
similar it's a very similar yeah that's
good the happiness of the cat Icarus is
I don't really even know if that would
count as an artsy fartsy but that's the
that's the like Japanese horror musical
it's beautiful
I'm sure there's more it's they're hard
to think of it does Hot Fuzz help not as
earn Seaford see the not very artsy
fartsy they're not fantastic foreign
film
agreed
right now
Smasher
because he gains strength every turn so
the important thing is just defeating
him as quickly as possible I'm gonna
take some hits - thanks for the tip I
just I don't want to go down that route
politics and movies not interested huh
farted says hey rich I'm about a third
of the way through season two of TNG I
really like the doctor Pulaski
I said the they put that's B in there
the doctor Pulaski if you guys could
pick from any Star Trek show who would
be most useful to you for your crew
wasn't the answer usually just data yeah
this is the best at everything at
everything all the time well that well
not being on camera like he'd be a
terrible like like best of the worst
panelists would me well maybe not no you
would he wouldn't he would act he would
access all past episodes and
mathematically figure out what audience
like using YouTube analytics he would be
able to mathematically figure out like
what part of each of our personalities
got the most laughs okay and and hone in
on okay wait we got some decisions to
make here well you got though we got
demon form again iron wave seven block
seven damage you know not the worst
budget I've been you know going super
super attack but I already have other
super attacks and so does this really
help no me demon Formica and you
shouldn't listen to me because I dyed it
every time I get the world three I just
get and I might
Chett saying iron weave but come on it's
world three they're doing 58 damage to
turn what the fuckin block is gonna do
have seven blocks have an attack that's
crapped right yeah it's crap alright
here it is here's our first big
challenge an elite oh oh this is the guy
this is the fucker
this is the fucker right here he's about
to make it so he he only takes one
damage instead of all my fucking damage
fuck this is it lasts forever
can you just survive can you focus we
don't have much to focus on defense
right it lasts like two turns oh fuck so
fucked this is it
you tried I tried
intangible areas so now for the next
turn for this entire turn all damage is
reduced to one and he's about to do 18
damage too before this term for this
term yeah I think it only lasts one turn
so for this turn I can defend I can
strengthen and I can use my madness
madness you might get a free use on
heavy blade which or or friendly fire
right sure so let's use that because we
don't want to waste it on that and let's
use that because we don't want to waste
it on that so I got a free friendly fire
all right now he's gonna hit me
I hit him back so that's good I'm not
the worst not the worst of the worst see
this that's bullshit
that's just that's utter a horseshit
you're dead no no no hold on Tanna a
tenant pays one two three four five six
okay I'm done with that that doesn't
hurt at all okay one two three four five
six seven eight I can do 80 damage and
you're still dead I can do 90 damage
still dead I can gain two strength and
maybe that oh no I'm dead why they think
it's fair that they do as much as much
as forty damage one hit I'm absolutely
good somebody can have that but shield
to put up right I want to love this game
but there's a lot I think it's just
utter bullshit I could okay if I gained
you might be able to last term but then
you'll be dead next to her pretty much I
could use metallus eyes how much damage
is your heavy blade doing right now 23
but I could flex I could flex in a
little bit more okay so here here's my
here's my stay the night plan hear me
out
yeah you do have a revive that's true
oh that's right I do have a revive
that's what's gonna get me through this
here's my plan
yeah to stay the night three block yeah
five block is eight that gets me to 41
and you have one more block to give if
you want to do to use that what does
double tap plus heavy blade and plus
fiend fire do for your Flex double tap
heavy blade fiend fire one you're doing
so many using so many cards you really
lessen the value of that fiend fire yeah
remember everybody every card is worth
ten if you burn three cards before you
use fiend fire right then that's that's
thirty less damage fiend fire is gonna
do
and well but I mean heavy blade is doing
23 so that's 46
so that's 46 but then that burns too so
then we've lost 60 that's still not
enough okay so let's do the math what's
okay let's actually do the math all
right do we have a we don't have a
calculator doing
okay let's action and I have a potion
that will do 10 damage to him okay we
might be able to do this this term okay
we might or we might be able to stay the
stay for one more time I understand but
if we could not use our lizard tail and
kill him though even I have enough
defense to last one more hit to last
till ass the 40 hit okay okay I got my
calculator so he's got 136 start with
that 136 loose - heavy blade is 23 times
2 from the double tap is 46 136 minus 40
steps that gets him to 90 90 we have 90
health then fire fiend fire 1 2 3 4 5 60
well we cuz we're gonna be - double tap
here
yeah and heavy blade so another - over
60 he still got 30 left yeah all right
the double tap and fiend fire won't work
because double tap works by burning
through your cards then when you go to
use the double tap and fire fiend it's
zero cards right you do you do your one
wave and then it goes to burn your next
hand of cards and you don't have an X
and cards well then there's also the 10
from the potion that get us to the what
we need to kill them of course because
if we won one thirty six minus forty six
equals ninety minus sixty equals 30
minus ten equal ease at twenty well I
think the 23 on the heavy blade is with
its strength multiplication though like
well yeah yeah that's that's the
strength occupation so we can we can get
him down to we can get him down to
thirty health yeah or twenty health we
can get him down to twenty health with
the potion and then and then we have to
hope that next round and then what next
round we got we got a bash and a strike
mmm-hmm maybe maybe oh no I think we
only have five cards lat oh no but I
only get four now because of my pyramid
yeah so maybe then if I get a bash and a
strike then maybe we can make it to the
next round to get and you know what I'm
saying or okay here's other option I
know you don't want to get them down to
just that thirty health laughs all
you're gonna be left with our bashes and
strikes that's suicide too I think I
think your plan of just defending and
surviving this turn yeah oh yeah because
once these gets shuffled and then I got
burned shuffled so what I could do rich
is three plus five is thirteen block
keep in mind that's well cuz you're
gonna get okay
yeah thirteen block gets me to 46 which
means you have six I'll have six left
after he attacked
wait no next turn he's gonna be on the
defense and next turn he well next turn
he's going to use his potion so I'll be
able to hit him next to be able to hit
him next to her you sure you're sure yes
but then the turn after that I won't be
able to okay but then he'll hit me again
and I only have six health right it's
simple across the strings use two blocks
and one attack so if I get ten use two
blocks and now I could use two blocks
and what if I use two blocks not the
worst thing I've ever heard I've heard
two blocks is your your - yeah normal
defense you've made two normal defenses
and then attack him with a strike with
just a regular strike yeah see what we
can do here I want to keep this in my
hand I understand cuz that's that sort
one you're gonna do the major damage
that's for the feed fire yeah
well it's with a heavy blade what the
heavy blade one for the Flex
oh sure sir
maybe this isn't remote this isn't
remotely fair
oh no and this is this isn't the final
boss this is a mid-level elite I know
okay so now I get a free turn oh wait
how is he wait he's intangible already
yeah fuck that okay then we have we have
one Cirque Berzerk berserk
great
and then armaments don't use armaments
what's coming up in your hand
I um I know spot weakness which won't do
it good and then you know maybe I can
get searing over no I think if we're
gonna use our mannan armaments you use
it yeah use it now yeah on the turn what
it doesn't matter
yeah motherfucker how do you go right
from hitting to intangible it's alright
I thought I thought it took him one one
time to do is to do a spell it's all
right do I'm italicized
no cuz it won't matter cuz like that
just that's that's worth more to me as
the as ten extra damage see this is why
the game is good it makes you think yes
yes I don't do this when playing Pokemon
this is why the game is good but also
possibly unbalanced a little bit of
given thing alright I can't do anything
I could strike him again yeah tell but
Mittman metalize I think is better saved
for fuel for fire fiend absolutely I
need to fire I'm with you 100% cuz
that's this card is 13 damage or three
shield yeah and so I'd rather have that
thirteen damage alright I can't use any
attack now because it would all be
reduced to one and B you could be a
waste it'd be a complete waste so I
think you just that's fine
all right let's see what he's gonna do
now gonna burn me great all right so now
this is it my hand is full I can spot
weakness and flex double tap heavy blade
and then I got one more questions do you
want to use the Flex before you do the
heavy blade and the double tap I know
that takes away is the 13 damage from
the fire fiend is that worth what you'll
make up with the heavy blade and the 5x
with the extra string and the DoubleTap
I think I think flex DoubleTap heavy
blade and fire fiend but I don't know I
really I'm not 100% sure if that will do
it
flex double tap heavy blade though I
gotta say once you burn that fire fiend
right yeah if he's not absolutely for
sure dead you are fucked even with your
revive because you got no cards you
matter be damn sure you're gonna kill
him before you use that fire fiend you
know what you're absolutely right I
don't know if you want to dig out the
calculator again okay here's what here's
what we're gonna do rich we're gonna
flex double tap heavy blame okay we're
gonna do that for sure okay because
that's that's a smart that's the smart
choice
I mean we're gonna do it do you feel
good beating this guy on stream i really
do by the way I could hit him with a
regular good you could because it's
double tap oh fuck
couldn't Jack just choose to avoid
elites altogether no it was the Pats
that what we were fault all of the paths
led to one elite whenever you play a
power he'll to HP that's a good block
potion add a car today let's see how
will you lose for HP that you've got
three age oh you can't you have nine
after the battle but draw three car well
and it's like draw three cars doesn't
even matter anymore game game two things
could really help all that and that was
it
dude dude we just won we earned that
shit we brought out a calculator
motherfucker we just beat it if I want a
question mark fire instead of the guy
shop right yes yes we do
fuck are you gonna kill me oh my god oh
no that's fine because I can just lose
my strike oh it has me lose a card but
just a regular strike plus one I can
lose alright that's great great
so real real talk yeah I have this
lizard tail yeah
which means that when I die I get 50% my
HP right so do I want to take this fire
raise my base strength stat Smith a card
hey you tell yourself what to do they
look you're you're gonna burn that
lizard tail for sure if you don't rest
though world 3 that that might be
inevitable no matter what right I tell
you what to do here because I honestly I
don't I don't even know what the right
call is I don't know either man I'm just
gonna read this tip you read that I'm
gonna rest anonymous says got a line you
are on sale and really liking it you
guys played it what imagine you're rich
wouldn't like it because it's similar to
new adventure games as you just try to
interact with everything you can yeah I
haven't I haven't played it and I don't
think Jack has either I know that dreams
that game screamed uncanny valley to me
when Jack is Jack is in his zone uh he's
not dealing with easy things right now
he can't even kill something yeah I can
kill a little one okay cuz I have this
but I can't kill either the ones that
are continued damage do what you can so
I could lose HP draw three cards and
gain two things which that might help
might
fuck it fuck it fuck it
uh-oh yeah that's right oh that's right
powers heal me powers heal me I want to
use my powers motherfucker
mommy buddy one one one one one oh no
one says I am buried in school work and
hating everything right now so thanks
for being here so I can completely clock
out my brain for a while and just let
pictures and sounds pass through my head
you're welcome
glad to help one small balls is rich you
forgot to read my last tip out loud and
a biggie Star Trek rant was epic as for
Black Panther Andy Serkis
was having a lot of fun I had fun with
him all right I mean oh it might end up
seeing it someday when when it's
available at home yeah like thank you
don't go to the movie theaters that
often I have to be I have to be really
hyped about a thing I'm gonna go see in
the theater or for it's for work right
it's it's not like a must-see but it's
good really good performance is really
like again like with Thor like really
neat world they'll really need sci-fi
world with you know tech future Wakanda
so that's fine but also like with Thor
Ragnarok I just wish they would have
spent time away from what Conda because
that's where all the interesting stuff
happened but uh you know it was good
good seeing Star Wars is definitely work
yes it is yes it is
the blue prism says hi fellas good
evening good evening
Capone lol says here is your payment for
needing to watch Discovery for work
I couldn't keep watching after the first
episode of the mid-season it's just not
Trek it's horrible
can you say Happy Birthday Brian yes I
can and just did
happy birthday Brian did it s Carson
says hello rich and Jack I know you guys
aren't too fond of the theater-going
experience but if you could pick one
movie to re-watch in a theater what
would it be I would choose all three
Lord of the Rings I had an answer for
this once and I don't remember what it
was there's rats in park aliens
one man if fury roads not a bad one
either
yes Raiders Blazing Saddles none on the
big screen not super necessary yeah but
a fine film it would be interesting with
blazing styles especially back in the
day to hear what other people have to
have yeah showgirls
only if it's starring Jeffrey Combs
just the act of hurting them is going to
kill you they're gonna be at nine and
seven yeah I got a that's why I have to
do it in one like I have to do I have to
kill them both in one well you can't
fucking can't I could friendly fire one
of them what's what's coming up in your
hand heavy blade double tap which is
free saving boss so theoretically if I
if I used a defense yeah you could
survive killing one of them with fire
fiend that's what I'm thinking yeah and
really all I need is one two three four
five I actually I could use both
defenses which I might want to do yeah
these two defenses
kill one take nine damage take seven
damage perfect
right good oh my god what every hit
every fire any rich I'm gonna die to
this motherfucker that's bullshit
that's what I call shit oh but that's
bullshit
yeah my tail my tail rich flexing heavy
oh no I got that damn double tap heavy
blade 30 out do you have any defense no
no I don't uh what if I flex and spot
weakness maybe I can hit him in one yeah
I think you can oh he's not attacking
but maybe I can flex sorry that's 33
that's 44 that's definitely gonna kill
him okay well then so then he'll only
hit me for seven right yeah there goes
my tail yeah
dr. Lewin up says longshot question have
either of you heard of or seen an old
Australian horror movie where a teacher
and her students are kidnapped by armed
men wearing Santa masks trying to find
out name of movie no idea no idea no
idea at all I'm sorry dr. Lu bit up
anonymous says what was your initial
take on Star Trek 5 and is there
anything redeemable about it I
personally like the scene where Sybok
makes McCoy and Spock see their past and
Kirk refuses and then dunks on him I
haven't I don't think I've actually seen
Star Trek 5 since the first time I've
seen it yeah I might've seen it once
after that was a little bit older or
maybe not I don't recall very much I
didn't really recall very much about it
I remember the over of fan dance I
remember fighting a giant blue head and
I know there's a very long turbo lift
shaft
and I wanted this this is the only one
that's slightly intriguing to me
whirlwind is the deal 5 damage to all
enemies ex times I do not tell you what
to do well I'm explaining to you in the
explain my thought process because like
you know as we go on like when we get to
the final boss there could be a
situation where we're facing the boss
and a couple minutes and you know the
ability to do damage across the spectrum
could be really well plus you have that
card that gives you extra energy extra
energy right and so then it's like if I
do five damage five times that's 25
damage okay they're asking which final
boss you're facing I have no idea I'll
check it yeah I'll check in a second I
am facing this guy whoever that is if I
can even get to them that's a lot of
presumption fine everything's fine
oh you face the one that explodes you
get the average no matter what I hate
this this world explodes if I kill it
this one hurts me if I touch it this one
keeps his shield and gains more shield
this guy the spirit Guardian is a breeze
when you're playing as the other guy as
the poison guy poison that's great I'm
sorry jack I am so so sorry I know you
are
I guess I got a deal with
manases Jack are you still watching the
flesh I have officially given up on it
it is like Barry has become a minor
character in his own show but the
writers forget that the show was called
the flash yeah you know sometimes it's
good to have a have a you know story
that focuses on one of the minor members
builds up their characters I have not
seen the flash since they came back I
saw the one episode that when they came
back from a midseason break okay and I
haven't for no particularly good reason
I've been working a lot recently so you
know like I said no particularly good
reason just
thriller home TV says rich-looking
really slim lately I can only assume
that's sarcasm glad the type 12 diabetes
is finally doing work better as they are
LM crew ever seen the cube series if so
thoughts I think I've seen the first one
and I liked it and I told Mike for ages
that he would like it and he never
watched it they might have seen it since
then but I don't know what his thoughts
are I know you're gonna die this is as
fun as this game can be it's unbalanced
difficult ass sometimes
collecting data says our kiddie porn
passed away at 20 years old he was the
smartest cuddliest cutest cat ever that
came to our apartment and put him to
sleep in her arms
f-for our best buddy I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's sad
20 he had a good run I was there and we
had to put Karen's one of Karen's
mother's dogs down that dog loved me so
I went with and it's the right it's the
right thing to do and I'm sorry
I knew that I no no I'm gonna die right
here
I know cuz I I have the cards to kill
both of these guys yeah but it's gonna
kill you in the process but it's gonna
kill me in the process
oh I understand yeah cuz this game was
as much as I like it at the same time
it's also kind of bullshit yeah yeah if
you don't have the perfect deck the
perfect day you can fuck right off and I
have a really powerful deck this is
super strong that's how I felt last time
I streamed I had a similar deck that you
have that's exactly how I felt this is
it sorry everyone hey this is a good run
I feel really good about this and guess
what we're doing it again going fucking
again alright alright hold on just most
just die cuz we're gonna die who do we
want to die to let's die to this guy
well die well die to this little guy
woman will make will pick his day up you
don't need the perfect deck you need the
right relics and the perfect thank you
you hear you get it and you get it I'm
hoping they tack on an easy mode it
saved FTL easy mode
it's like even if I could kill him and
live this guy's about to be torn down so
we're gonna look slight spike Jack we're
gonna look we're gonna look the little
guy kill me all right we're gonna
bolster his his confidence
give him some XP yeah well you can't oh
I thought he was gonna explode him kill
me how long but I'll fuck it the big
guys gonna kill me
fuck you too
easy mode equal the silent with poison
very well but Jack's trying to be able
to ironclad cuz I already beat it with
the silent boy and look at this
I'll made it all that far anyway unlock
shit I don't get shit
floors climbed 47 I mean it 47 laminate
land 50 enemies slayed I'm sorry
easy mode equal ironclad with strength
bullshit that's what Jack had I had
strength God water I know I know you're
feeding off of this pain I know I know
but you didn't have enough strength I
had to spot weaknesses and a limit break
and it wasn't enough before well
ironclad all right all right
looks like he's ignoring a leads he
should go after them for relics but then
you die then you die and the relics
aren't guaranteed to synergize
with your cards I know you know they
know did you sky you should have rolled
you should've rolled shudder all I got
again is for real take on as many early
elites as you can what are you thinking
here man
you you you yeah be back you're starting
well I can obtain already oh no no no
that that'll fuck your shit up okay oh
they haven't six healing in this game
where you get 60 damage done do you a
turn no that fucks your shit right up
either a common relic or a random rare
card I'm sitting Myatt my gut is telling
me random rare card because that could
set our deck in motion that could set
our strategy in motion okay okay look
Limit Break W string up the strength one
rich as you go we're going strength like
golden okay great okay fucking great
great fuck fog of those are three
question marks huh that that one Pat
they're three question marks then a
shock maybe
oh god them more question marks but
here's the holy shit wait we keep going
up we could go we could go with only
fighting like three enemies I think
that's the route here's the problem with
that though then you don't get the cards
fighting the enemies is what gives you
you can get cards and and relics and
useful things to the question marks I
don't know fuck it let's do it let's do
it
let's fucking do it see these fuckers
there fucks this thing to this card does
no good right now it's a completely
useless a completely useless at this
exact moment Oh ray
just defend you got enough defense to
take this this round yeah I'm gonna
start doing damage because I also heels
all right I'll take I'll take a little
damage alright I heal 6o start start
doing some attack you know so we can
take him out boom boom boom the bulb the
bulb yeah and you're right some question
marks will be enemies that's true that's
true
always limit break super conservative
super conservative here start not strong
let's go believe in the heart of the
conference that's a yugi'll reference
don't fucking bring it you you sound
stupid you got it's you know yugioh is a
collectible card game so there's the
same thing like I need if holy I could
get the heart of the dragon oh I have to
believe in the heart of the cards and
then it takes 15 minutes to like pull
the card out of his deck to be like oh
so I can animate it's like an anime all
right let's see what guys let's see we
got lose one HP deal for damage to all
enemies at the end of each turn that
could be interesting
a heel six that's every turn yeah so but
I heel six at the end of every match
right so assuming this card makes it six
turns then I'm at a net
I think evolve sounds nice shuffle two
wounds into your drop I'll whenever you
draw wound draw card every wound is a
benefit at that point hmm that could
work to help cycle through yeah cards
it's good to go let's give it a go let's
go and question mark take headbutt so
you can keep head-butting back limit
break later well we that's what would
the evolved is for yeah gimme go
the evolved will do the same thing right
if you got an enemy that wounds you it's
really good yeah
all right we got some gold what do you
do what do you do
upgrade to random cards fuck yeah yeah
weak another one let's go
yeah transformer card let's transform
one of you give something good gimme
something good gimme something good
gimme something good gimme some good
what do you got what do you guys have
keeper shit you got shit that's not true
oh let's look at our options here let's
look at our cards here so we got evolved
uh-huh
wait whenever you draw wound draw card
whenever card is exhausted game for
block and we got the strength we got 5
damage all enemies for damage one
vulnerable yeah draw one card place a
card from your hand on top of your draw
pile that could work
maybe if that's once that's evolved its
its draw two cards and I could
play the top card of your draw pile and
exhausted
what's the shovel do I don't you can't
afford it I'm just gonna dig for loot
and rest sites this is a pond pick up
chooses guild card at the start of each
combat that card will be in your hand
that's neat let's see here medical kit
status cards can now be played playing a
status will exhaust the card interesting
I don't have the money for that madness
was interesting I'd prefer to to be a
little more you know a remove a card huh
it also remove a card I could also
remove a card or I could do both I like
this whirlwind
I think this whirlwind is gonna help
okay
I think this whirlwind is gonna help and
we're gonna remove a basic card we're
gonna move last time I was I had some
little blocks we're gonna remove a basic
strike no way am i wait please wait yeah
because I got the whirlwind so that'll
do five damage exhausting cards I'm not
exhausted I just feel no pain who's
gonna help me in no way right now you
know I'm saying I hate this run sucks
what you want me to do
this run sucks and you haven't even the
far do you want me to do the run sucks
rich maybe you suck that's also for
possibility but now we got that working
for us now our strength can double
what's zero times two rich that's all we
got err no shop none of these help no
help
Oh whenever you play and attack this
turn game less useful less useful you
all suck
wait wait wait okay
so horribly bitter and broken I'm so
upset but rich like losing when we get
to the final boss makes me want a place
so hard but this actually sucks but okay
synergy right deal 12 damage shuffle of
wound into your drop I'll that's good
yeah let's do that
let's synergize let's rock let's rock
and roll rock and roll rock and roll all
the way now you need a card with these
wound cards you need something that'll
give you benefits for exhausting cards
if you could exhaust some of these
wounds yeah there's something that lets
me exhaust cards yeah oh this one
looking forward to Red Dead - I don't
even I don't even know what they're
doing with the game yet
do we want berserk I can get berserk if
we want it I can also choose not to get
it
I don't hate it yeah
there were crazier plate draw one card
place a card from your hand on the top
of your drop I'll upgrade upgraded it
will help you get through your deck and
it does exhaust cards which will get you
that free block for using it I think
it's a good one to have for you this
will only exhaust itself yeah but still
it's something it's synergizes Jack you
talked about synergy all right that's
what we needed we got two cards we got
two cards all right so we're sticking
with our with our question mark run here
I guess either way is question mark run
let's take let's take this route what do
you got what do you got for me you got
gold and you got whatever you rest you
may add a card to your deck yep you got
no enemy I'm sorry yeah that's fine good
fuck
okay
okay and okay great I found with the NHL
and all or just baseball I'll I'll
follow it if the Blackhawks are in the
playoffs I'm not a super huge fan of the
hockey's but I like watching it well
enough great a super huge fan of the
hockey's you say what is fun sport to
watch 15 damage
so fucking useless to me right now get
that do you get that no Black Hawks are
the scum of the earth why because
they've won a few times
they won without just being bruisers
they wrote they won with speed and skill
yes how terrible Blackhawks are to
hockey as the Yankees are to baseball
not not for not for most of my life they
were they had the the owner that refused
to spend money on the team for ages man
their owner was so bad I remember the
fans were happy when he died that's $1
bill words that's they called because he
was so stingy dollar bill oh yeah yeah
he'd refused to air home games on TV
yeah come in the stadium to watch the
game really yeah that's good fuck yeah
they didn't they didn't air home games
on TV until 20 like 2010 yeah that's
fucked up 20 st. it was that's really
fucked up yeah I'm gonna kill misty yeah
I I would not call that the Yankees of
hockey
yeah all right all right I got the
makings we got the makings
there's still douchebags Patrick Kane
has a very punchable face I will agree
that Patrick Kane is punchable but
Jonathan Jonathan saves there is not
he seems like stand-up guy new hockey
fans
that's 12 20 to 30 not enough not enough
but pretty close
Nicholas punchable is a good quality and
a hockey player guys are weird and is
full well good
can I do anything with it where'd you
get the pyramid again huh oh the wound
yeah cuz the woman's so nice well except
for like you know three cards in my hand
are wounds okay what can we do here
I think I only have one attack in here
which is for six but I could strength
and limit break and then would that give
me enough if I to four actually yeah
that might right right trip I don't know
I don't know shit I don't know shit
either man I don't know shit either
that's what a few guys been hockey fans
I would call my fandom very very casual
cache hockey playing the long game
playing the long game
harp take no damage raise my strength a
bit hit him next round
hit him next oh yeah now we got now we
got great everyone likes the Mighty
Ducks national goddamn treasure yeah
to a wheeled create a copy of an attack
or a power in your hand limit break
that's not an attack or power that's not
an attack our power is what's one that
gains you strength in front and flame
and flame is the power that's not about
1/2 J can work together doesn't flame
exhaust for some reason whenever I get
it never seems to come back around again
yeah well it doesn't exhaust you just a
power is something that you kind of like
hold up so you can never you use it once
oh then it's a stupid card well then
it's better than nothing but it's a
stupid car well no but it's like any
other power which is like you know if
your HP is it you can't like it's not
like you can use more of these right or
maybe it could actually yeah if I have
to berserks
if I have to berserks if my health is
below 50% I would gain two I guess yeah
all right you know what then then dual
wield I will take dual wield dual wield
is generally the best card for ironclad
though it might not be the best for you
right now well it's it's what we got is
what we're working with all right I can
take out an elite or I'm gonna try and
restart my tips I haven't gotten one in
a while I'm assuming it's broken
a slap tapas weird I think we need to do
laptop
I can't even shut this down right now
yeah it's not a laptop a piece of
garbage
it is
you
just restart just fucking restarting and
then have a five hour long Windows
Update session and then restart
I can't even click on things I have to
do this manually
now I'd say that the Blackhawks manager
was just bad at his job because the
minute he died and someone else took
over and they started airing the home
games they became one of the most
popular things in Chicago the Blackhawks
after he died after he died after he
died
we can do this
which you are besmirching the name of a
dead man Hey look if you're an asshole
the fact that you died didn't change the
fact that you're an asshole Touche
that's great that's super helpful
actually I did you I used to be zerks
yeah so now now I gain to because I'm
below 50% I get into energies oh that's
nice which is really great yeah so I can
basically just use everything all the
time now wait at first didn't exhaust
that oh I could have I could have used
that would feel no pain yeah you know
what I don't give a fuck I'm gonna use
that with Limit Break no you can't even
do a wield oh that's right live a break
is a skill
yeah fuck the dead what what you're
guessing we're not gonna play monster
hunter world do you really want to see
us go in blind on a long-running
franchise by the way will that help
anyone oh all right enemies with
vulnerability now take 75 percent more
damage rather than 50% damage fits
pretty decent it's pretty decent to
place a card from the discard pile to
the time oh okay
this could help this could help this
could yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
yah yah headbutt and I should have wrath
whoa fuck man oh you hit my mic steam
I'm sorry you should be I never remember
what a fucking is
yeah okay okay okay
I'm sorry I said we'll do it that should
be oh that's right because I rest it I
can pick a card whenever you lose HP
from a car you came oh oh oh shit do a
hammock no oh that was a different round
that might not be a bad card to have
which one whenever you lose HP from a
card game one strength yeah if you're
losing HP from cards I don't have any
cards now but there's that card that you
know if you lose HP but all right
blah blah blah this could this could be
good I'm gonna I'm gonna go with them
all right boss time last time level one
boss here we go here we go
hey I know your options all suck what
bad he's not gonna do any harm I could
bash in whirlwind him once but how or I
could create a copy of whirlwind but I
don't necessarily need two copies of
whirlwind because there's only one enemy
but that's a start then I'll weaken eyes
them as soon as it starts attacking whoa
like a right now which I'm kind of sorry
I blew up at you about the Blackhawks my
hatred of them gets a little out of hand
at times okay whatever
yep you can't take it too seriously man
I'd go crazy if I took it that seriously
I hate I hate the Green Bay Packers and
I live up in Milwaukee I took of that
seriously I'd have to lose my mind
it's bricked in nuts up yeah oh my oh my
oh my Jesus Christ that's great we're
doing great
six sets of stuff
who does rich consider the Yankee's of
hockey
well well once upon a time at a day long
gone wasn't it the what team in it that
has an insane number of championships
this is the Canadiens you go back and
look at the Stanley Cup history and from
like for like a span of twenty thirty
years I don't know there's one team it's
just them then over and over and over
again every fucking year
yeah from like the 30s to the 90s
yeah something thought
the green screen dropped out of it
well okay
I was able to do something I now have 16
plus attack okay so we're doing pretty
alright there's no reason not to just
looking at my options here look at my
options
dual wield doesn't do me a ton of good
right now I could always make a copy of
wild strike but actually yeah I do want
to do that
because then I can hit him I like the
Brewers I don't hate the Brewers the
Brewers are a fine team I have nothing
against them
sure
yeah all the cards I mean they're all
wounds but just all the cards okay
twenty-one damage X times 21 times four
is 84 that's not gonna be enough to kill
him but it'll get him damn close and
he's only gonna hit me for 14 but wild
strike does 28 wait wait wait so 21
touch four yeah that's uh that's 84 okay
yeah and and he survived
oh yeah I'll survive but I could also
hit him for 28 and then hit him for a
lot less no oh well if I do wild strike
and whirlwind that's better
yeah I think you're right I think you're
right actually does that win yeah that
wins yeah there we go oh no not the
worst feed fire and barricade check I
got to barricade
but fiend fire with your wounds if you
fire with all those fucking wounds but
here's the thing that your wounds also
bring up useful cards and later on
that fiend fire front that fiend fire
yeah that's that's not doing anything in
the last stage when you're constantly
fighting for enemies at a time
sure but I'm not liking fiend fire
here's here is yeah I know and here's
here's my justification if you saw my
hand there right yeah I was getting four
wounds in a row yeah and then like you
know some some other piddly cards that I
could still use then use fiend fire and
just get a simple 40 damage I know you
and everyone is saying Reaper Reaper
heals you I guess I've never really used
recall for for yeah you can use it once
deal for damage heal for all unblocked
damage oh yeah so like near the end that
that might make up for 20% of the amount
of health you're losing and basically
you can they're like brown you could get
like 12 health back team fire fiend fire
doing it I did it I did the fiend fire
Reaper with strength can be a full heal
I guess with strength uh yeah all right
let's see we got here gained an energy
but you can no longer use potions
interesting you have that whirlwind huh
yeah that whirlwind I do have that world
one I'm gonna check this one though gain
energy start each combat with two wounds
in your drop pile I totally forgot that
Reaper would heal more with strength I
totally forgot that and I feel right now
yeah I feel very stupid I feel very
stupid right now
I earned it I earned it I still think
fiend fire was the right call
we're gonna take the mask of pain
because that puts wound cards in our
hand which as we know does us good that
will play well with our with our wound
evolve pack all right what do we want we
want fires man we just want as many
fucking fires as we can get our hands on
we got to upgrade some shit fire fire
two three four four fire do we need a
shop we should go to a shot
shop to this fuck
Oh
love the jacket sir may think his shit
hand work it is a shit hand and it is
working it's absolutely a shit hand we
got going right now oh yeah that's right
we don't have any cards that make us
lose HP that's fine that's fine
we got a shit hand here people but it is
working
for terms
just get another fucking wound it'd be
great it'll be great man
ah jesus fucking christ
wait Roland huh oh and almost I could uh
all fits like five it's only five yeah
or I could hit him for 1 2 3 4 times 7
which is 28 which it won't even play
adhere shields or this a self-imposed
challenge to take a card whenever it's
offered that's how I started playing the
game at first I didn't even like notice
the Skip card but like when I first
started playing like way before I told
you about it I like and some of those
like oh damn it I hate these cards but
man I guess I got to do it I almost have
to whirlwind
Oh doesn't give her the shield why
bother
well cuz I got to start breaking the
shield and nothing else is gonna do it
oh I suppose like go 2-0 yeah whatever
whatever this dickheads gonna kill me
already now we get the in flame that was
good to me now Dingle
yes yes
all right here we go how do you guys
know each other are like the whole red
letter media group
well the parent corporation they just
kind of you know assigned a bunch of
people they thought would have good
chemistry or at least we could fake it
yeah it seems to work out pretty well
yeah yeah we appeal to the demographic
they were going after it's like a
modern-day The Monkees yes yes
yeah after looking through several
YouTube analytics we we correlated you
know exactly what our niche market was
going to and that what we figured the
the most underutilized niche market was
movie nerds no one was doing that on the
Internet we really wanted a CAPTCHA to
cash in
I actually met you at the audition we
were both going for the role of Jack
yeah yeah got it
you got it but they liked my audition
enough sure well anything real I will
say this like I I was thinking about
auditioning for rich but I knew I
couldn't pull it off and really glad I'm
really glad you got it because I think
it plays to your strengths as an actor
you know thank you I know you would have
been great as a jack and like I'm just
glad I'm just glad we get to work
together we have a good working
relationship
laughs everyone yeah I had to try you
know I'm several different versions of
oh my god oh my god but they they like
oh my god every time yeah and you know
what by the way the the crazy thing
about it is like you know I was in there
I was in the auditions I heard some
people not even yelling they were really
oh my god
and gonna be going to audition that's
the thing is like you read that and you
knew it you knew the character from the
page and I think that just like I said
place your strengths oh that could be
nice that obtained for his five random
potion so how would I want that and Josh
is sort of there most fathers the
producer okay so check this out this
could be really helpful okay
negate the next two curses you obtained
okay so I could go for the question
marks really aggressively hammer them oh
and here's armaments again and here's
armaments again
I also got here every time you play five
cards in a single turn deal 10 damage to
all enemies that's not a bad power
armaments is on sale I know oh my god
you have so many cards I do
I have so many cards and so yeah the
question never gonna see armaments and
the question with our moments is will it
do me any good but remember I'm getting
a full breadth of ten right I think so I
want to get I can get rid of a weak one
maybe I want flex because I have the I
have the doubler so I can I can get more
strength sure sure
I think I want to get rid of a weak one
I just got that shrug it off so I can
get rid of a weak defense and I think I
want that flex because I got the
duplicator the Duplin on the diplomate
er Oh Chad this is this is the last run
when this is over I'm getting dinner I'm
hungry it's only 9 o'clock man we didn't
go all night a half an hour over my
estimate one last drink it's about like
two and a half hours to finish up oh
yeah
but about by the way was it a no death
row yeah to be fair it wasn't perfect to
be fair yeah I was playing from my save
where I was already at level 50 oh okay
but I also was playing on nightmare
difficulty so so cheater cheater pumpkin
eater I get you
what happened to 11 our streams rich
we're just fucking did one like the
other week man yeah I went I went six
hours the other day yeah you jet you
like you just went six hours and then
like a week before that you did the Dead
Rising 2 perfect no death row yeah calm
your tits man
so you weren't nearly 50% less from Dead
Rising 2 to Dead Rising 3 hey blame Dead
Rising 3 not me man
those drives back and forth were torture
though yeah that's the the one of the
major problems with Dead Rising 3 the
drives back and forth yeah driving is
not fun there are annoying roadblocks
everywhere
over time mode was like busywork well to
be fair every game over time mode feels
a little bit like busywork
that Dead Rising 3 is a very poorly
thought-out map
holy shit they made a Dead Rising 3 was
it any good well it's not the worst
thing ever it's it's terrible in
comparison to the other real Dead Rising
games I then we the real Dead Rising
games
well threes when they started placating
the idiots right like the idiots who
were perfectly capable of ignoring the
timer and just goofing around the mall
before mm-hmm we're placated too and so
they took the timer out for the people
who liked it the timer they could easily
ignore and goof around as much as they'd
like yeah yeah yeah not do all the side
missions because you don't need to I can
tell
I can tell and I like it
storyand Dead Rising 3 look dumber than
a bag of hammers yes yes yes dumber than
a bag of hammers
okay
Dead Rising 3 is the Star Trek discovery
of the Dead Rising series it's probably
form because you actively hate the
protagonist fake Frank West is just just
just the worst
don't you think Frank West walks like a
chimp I was always under the assumption
that he sprains his ankle when he jumps
out of a helicopter and lands on the
roof of the mall
who's the protagonist for Frank Frank
West who both sounds and acts entirely
differently from the real Frank West
but the people who made it insist that
we reach super duper love this character
this new this new character they've
created not not Frank West Hank East
people have called him I like it
hankies
beautiful just beautiful
as overtime mowed worth doing rich and
wish game I mean if you want the real
ending you kind of have to do overtime
mode if you care about that kind of
thing you do you do care about that kind
of thing then you have to do overtime
mode now they go
Nico : rich dude Nico
hope you both are having a good week I
have a very important question yes
who are your top three Batman villains
Joker Ra's al Ghul and mr. freeze
Clayface right Batman animated series
Clayface yeah yeah I beyond beyond
simple beyond simple design like the big
mush monster I fucking love that thing I
love you know I love creatures right
beyond that the the backstory the the
narcissistic actor who just needs to
look pretty and his need to look pretty
is what turned him into a horrible goop
monster that's great man
that's fucking great and the fact that
like you know he he can find ways to not
only be a horrible goop monster but
blend in but you know changes shape to
be Bruce Wayne or whatever all the cool
like my mud hammer my mud hi I'm Chloe
face fucking great which Joker which
Joker can you believe leave this right
now
that had already man I'm sorry
fucking dead already man
Clayface
from my personal Batman taste he's a bit
- superpower II yeah yeah I don't know
but then again Mr Freeze - I mean um
well I didn't die
I'm not - engraved um
not doing gram I'm gonna go to the shop
just because I I mean mr. freeze in
animated series Batman is beautiful as
well but I even like I like simple ones
you know I like the clock King huh I
like to just Rupert thorne wait so which
joker like they still don't get it like
I still don't get it
they get it I don't know thank you I
don't know the people do they're fucking
with ya might be they might be here's
the thing okay yeah
Heath Ledger great performance and it's
an interesting take on the Joker but
it's an interesting take on the Joker
Mark Hamill is the Joker yeah well in
the the Heath Ledger Joker is not only
an interesting take on the Joker it also
plays very thematically with Nolan's
Batman you know yeah the rule I have the
rule I have no rules haha let's fight
right right it's beautiful
yeah Mark Hamill
just I'm just the most fucked I'm just
the most fucked rich DC did a stupid
thing in the comics and apparently now
there's like three Joker's at the same
time this is why I don't read DC Comics
Oh comic book publisher did a stupid
thing
hey hey you remember you remember that
that Marvel Legends universe reboots
yeah yeah they're they're not even a
quarter of the way through the rebooting
again well this was I don't you know
what it's fine
oh all they're like new characters they
were getting rid of let's go we're going
back to classic characters like two
months it never mind jump ship they're
rebooting again and the people in the
forefront seem to have Marvel Cinematic
Universe tie-ins only yeah yeah with a
few exceptions moon girl devil dinosaur
is sticking around miss Marvel sticking
around Miles Morales spider-man sticking
around because they're the popular ones
out of humans but yeah yeah they're
rebooting again man I'm probably no
matter what they do I'm probably not
coming back at this point well I think
they finally realized that I think they
finally realized that people weren't
gonna come back if they went to legend
yes but then also all the people who
were getting into those what was the
deal with legends is they were getting
rid of a lot of new characters okay okay
I'm going and you know just going back
to basics but no one cared but then all
their new characters who they were
messing with had a little fan base and
then they started whining well it's
probably too little too late no they
probably already chased off the people
who like the old characters Oh aged like
a decade ago yeah and then now they're
alienating all of their new fans
it's great it's great
what do you get it sounds so depressing
to be a comments looks nothing this day
niche
Brian Michael Bendis ruined every
character he could before jumping feces
I can totally see that I can totally see
that
see you later suckas decompress
storytelling it'll take me a year to
tell a story that someone else could
have done in three months
video game McGee says video games McGee
says I've recently played Far Cry 3 and
really enjoy and really enjoy it with it
what are your thoughts in the series in
the end that game also it's crazy how
Ubisoft hasn't changed the open-world
formula in six years that's this thing
that's a crank shit out
why-why-why craft a gameplay when you
could just say I find this shit yeah
yeah my shit hand cut up in here I'm
sorry I'm sorry jack
you can stream from home if you want I
think I'm done for the night
wait wait what side we start yeah by the
time we get done reading in the phone
maybe fine that's fine no that's fine
I'm so defeated I'm gonna go home and
play this I am because I have a problem
rich why you just stream it tonight
why do you stream it go home stream it
tonight and just keep playing until you
win or fall asleep you tell me that's
not a great gimmick Jack either beats
world 3 or he falls asleep playing the
game one great gimmick I agree uh-huh I
agree yeah the only the only problem is
I got to get my kids ready for school
okay okay that's fair that's fair I'll
go home I'll talk to Lisa be like can
you get up
and get the boys ready for school
tomorrow how about Friday night Friday
night Jack you start you can start you
know little late you can start like like
8:00 yeah and Jack plays slay the spire
until he wins or falls asleep I get I
guarantee you a win or me passing out in
my chair in which case you need to wake
me up so I can stop the stream and go to
bed I I do the no death runs Jack does
the beat the game or fall asleep
this is something we will be thinking
about this is not a bad idea we'll call
it slay the spire or sleep slay the
mattress slay the mattress Hey all right
fuck infuriating uh-oh we forgot
something I know I turned it on I know I
turned it on did it get turned off yeah
I remember bringing it up good can
someone exclamation point subs for us
please yeah I remember clicking on it I
do uh I believe you but it's not here
that sucks yeah just type it in oh I'm
waiting for it sleepers Oh sleeper
Speier I like that it's not working son
of a bitch thank you everybody who
subscribed
I'd gone back alright I think we're back
give me a put the xsplit back up on the
screen we can wreck hey everybody I have
a list
hey we have a list yep just as someone
in the chat says oh good I don't like it
when they read names we've got the list
don't worry at this point you can always
leave you don't need to you know like if
you don't like it you can go yeah yeah
yeah we have the list February 21st
series okay great um and cephalo
pathetic for 17 months in a row yes is
joe flacco elite says I won Bar trivia
by myself last night under the name tums
festival thanks for the inspiration no
problem farmer Phipps VAR yaks verax ya
vorak says have you ever played donkey
kong country on stream you could do it
two-player competitive yeah I never got
out of the Donkey Kong Country honestly
yes fine it's a super I'll admit
I'll flat-out admit it was a superficial
reason I hated the look sure that kind
of like fake 3d sprites I thought they
looked ugly yeah I mean it wasn't the
best game it wasn't bad I would never
think of it when thinking like when
compiling my bests my favorite games
from the senesce era I would never think
of it heck up for 44 motherfucking
months in a row says I just put up
double fours motherfucker yeah let's
play that card game roguelike like a
badass extreme I'm a sip as a 90s neon
shirt whoo sorry I don't know what came
over me
thank you Dubey sandwich who says hey
edit card though thanks for your tips on
dead rising problem frank west is
currently wielding a small chainsaw with
a three times durability boost I am on
stoppable and when you get when you get
good when you get really good I tried
doing it without that chainsaw that's
the trick
that's the trick sure but no that's a
great weapon good HAP 78664 45
motherfucking months in a row for the
record when I had my no death run I did
abuse the chainsaw I'm not it was a
perfect no death yeah yeah tell him
Grenville says thanks for the
entertainment welcome star Horrible's
for 32 fucking months in a row
naraku ben says back in front of a month
you guys making working alone doing
bullshit nightly i t-tests tolerable
also on to that Grich and Mike for the
Discovery review save me save me have a
good night you're welcome HPV valiance
for 12 months in row says thank you all
for the entertainment you have provided
for well over a year you help keep my
soul crushing depression at bay cheers
two more years Sardegna the vuelo scroot
snag roots cal rom 27 this is gay six
months Jack just finished salt and
sanctuary after a second attempt and
join it more of this round scratch both
the Metroid and souls itch rich now that
you have finished Dead Rising
what is your GOG Tang time for free
space series I don't even know what it
is on top I fucking had the oddest truth
voodoo mama gonza alger nope there's a
knob I'd say not I'll churn up says
another month an other manual primary
sub thanks for the streams guys special
thanks to rich for all of the Extra
Innings lately you're welcome
the pale hunter power fantasy social
geometer oh says making funny small talk
is
it is absolutely comes naturally to me
right ho Jeeves that's why you got the
part of rich so seven months and
Counting
thank you for being the best fake
friends that money can buy
brief perfunctory interactions with oh
thank you the best that money can buy
brief per functionary interactions with
the second did it uncle of lies for 14
months in a row says clue is a fantastic
movie that's true yeah that's very true
nobody talks about clue anymore because
it's a cult movie that has a small fan
base why doesn't anyone talk about clue
anymore because it's a cult movie it has
a very small fan base yeah move it like
movie nerds know it comedy nerds down
yeah it's interesting because it was
shipped with what was it four different
endings three four I'm sure most people
don't understand this cuz they watch the
movie and they just tacked all of the
endings under the whole room yeah or it
could have happened this way when clue
was in the theater it just had one of
the different endings and that was the
ending of the movie yeah which is a
really neat idea for a movie
not irritating I could see it irritating
I I wouldn't like that no it's fun it's
fun and would you like it if like Return
of the Jedi had three different endings
well you didn't know which one you're
gonna get when you went to the theater
if my comedy movie has a different
ending I'm not gonna be like can we give
up okay it's an annoying feature it's
cute it was a clever idea but you know
if it's if it's a big if it's like a big
epic and it has a different ending sure
but something alright here's how you
know whether or not something is shady
or not yeah you ask yourself is this
something ei would do and if the answer
is yes in shadiest fuck yeah I I don't
see it I don't see it as them I don't
think the intent was for them to get
people to go to the theaters more I
think the intent was to be clever and
cute okay okay so what I would say okay
okay yeah clues great Randolph the rad
snickery says you're robbed old up tells
of Arkana
RPG Tommy why sue twelve gurgle argh
koala queef William Tyndale that's for
16 months in a row Zak man usually name
for 40 motherfucking months in a row
captain tolerable the end hero Tommy
slow subsonic shells at Bell subsonic
Bell says hey rich and Jack I don't mean
any disrespect but rich you look like
shit in the sleigh the spire episode are
you sick is it the diabeetus yeah it's
fine I don't think you look that better
probably then the the lighting was a
little weird as it was the lighting of
my cat by the shadow on my eyes and so
big because you had the shadow and you
had the shadow on your face and so I had
to light for your face and what that
meant was the side of your face you
could have said something I take the cap
I didn't notice when we're filming it's
a very different rich what you're cute
with the human eye sees versus what the
camera okay it's very okay so I color
corrected the best I could
rich might have looked a little extra
pale we will work on a better lighting
arrangement for the next episode
G shots four four two one motherfucking
months in a row says thanks for all the
streams guys and come tremendous thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
he's true we really do and it's also
true I'm not good at lighting
