Mar 21, 2018
Serial Cleaner, Viscera Cleanup Detail
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/241570802
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/241579956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNKhUfQEd9k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX-jdcvAVsA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/976546217428692992

[Part I]
but what what the fuck is this shit this
is you and your you and your spring
cleaning rich yesterday was the first
day of spring it was fucking 30 degrees
out yesterday but technically speaking
it was the first day of spring
practically speaking it was another
shitty winter day what you put on spring
cleaning and then you just leave me
alone with it
I'm we got I got so I got so caught up
without the humble Balu of getting the
stream okay so it was the first day of
spring and what are you doing spring you
do spring cleaning this is so stupid and
I so I have a couple cleaning games to
play so we can do some spring cleaning
it's a cool it's like that I might have
shocked it it's a great idea rich it's a
great idea
doodoo doodoo
world data turn that off should be this
and visceral viscera cleaning detail
this is NEX I'm downloading that see
okay that's what you know it's fine
that's fine yeah I I always thought
visceral cleaning viscera cleaning
detail would have been really funny like
after a doomed stream I'm sure you know
then then the next say haha we're
planning playing this we're cleanup
detail yeah yeah that's fine okay so
this is a this is a stealth a top-down
stealth clean up after mob hits game to
do so it's just like hotline Miami oh
it's it's similar ish to hotline Miami
except for instead of killing all the
people you're this is cleaning up after
hotline Miami
I probably should have been paying
attention it's a phone ringing I think
you have to answer her phone
how about the thing you interact hello
this is the cleaner speaking it's me I'm
gonna help ya ya hopes away you get a
yes what if I say yeah what did they say
about you as truth I smoke to be had
oh I don't matter whoever gave you this
number may have also told you how I
operate
right seal them I know
sealed envelope the whole deal I was
informed a gray let's get down to the
nitty-gritty yeah yeah let's say there's
a campsite near a lake just outside the
city limits say I was wrong there's more
he had a body notice the screaming
changes find two bodies there plus a gun
and a piece of clothing hood that I need
you to remove also expect a lot of blood
you're equipped for that right sure that
door yeah you got all the info you need
but done I'll be in touch right
all right let's rock and roll I can't
use the Godfather voice for for this guy
look at his penis
cleaning up the blood presumably having
the cops already taken this is like
blood samples hey party's there probably
already taking pictures and everything I
mean you're you're just too late I
suppose this is valuable
physical evidence for the trial okay so
he notices things are different
apparently oh I just run away from you
yes I can
okay is this police quest nope
this be the sequel to serial fixer I
don't know what that is
serial fixer I'm gonna bet this game
will last 30 minutes
what I do it bodies your your your car
that's not a good idea
oh my no
okay 30 minutes maybe that's pretty
that's a I think that's a fair guess by
the way Oh Oh God
shit you're not you're not hidden behind
the tree apparently Jack I just noticed
that by the way oh crap
so you start from scratch huh that's sex
yeah I could see thirty minutes but I
brought more I brought more you know we
have another cleaning game and just in
case all else fails I have a mystery bag
a mystery bag I have a mystery bag
couldn't find a third cleaning game I
could not find a third cleaning here I
have to cleaning games and then and then
the the grab bag
the the grab bag of fun and surprises
so we'll see you know we'll see what
happens see ah so rich
yeah did you catch the ningen indie
showcase at all what does the NIMBYs
showcase the Nintendo indie showcase
dang it why can you see me behind the
trees I'm behind the fucking trees
broken zero out of ten by the way I may
have I may have changed my opinion on
steam having a glut of titles
I was watching God Jim sterling put out
a video today okay Bob this game call I
forgot was called tales of blossom or
blossom tales okay sold twenty times
more on the switch than it has on steam
and a large part of the blame is being
put on it's hard to find quality indie
games on Steam because there's so many
shitty ones I wasn't I wasn't looking at
it from the point of view of a developer
I'm just looking at as a consumer has
that wrong and having more choice but
but from the point of view of a dev your
quality indie game that you made is
gonna get buried under just a glut of
crap that's true yeah I mean even even
from a consumer standpoint it becomes a
point where you're it's an uphill battle
just to find a decent game yeah like my
quality indie game yeah would be
competing with spring cleaner like if I
stay still will he see me you're
probably only when you're specifically
behind a log or a certain limited area
I'm not sure how that works so but yeah
that's true by the way like everyone's
competing for four four mindspace right
for eyespace mm-hmm same same tale
bigger scroll scroll he gave up the time
no he didn't see anything rich he didn't
see anything
if you played any of this
nope I may be the first level play the
first level all right you know it's just
something I will put on in the
background while we talk about the gold
fucking the glut of indie games and you
know it is great to have choice fuck
everyone likes choices right yeah yeah
so that's nice Thomas cops who have ever
lived well it's still pretty early so
failure
this seems less mob hit and more Jason
Vorhees aftermath maybe it's supposed to
be I don't think I will have to find out
I learned my lesson last time Sam this
side I don't know if there's a problem
became if that's the one you showed me
what was it called again
tales of blossom tales of blossom you
know just aka zeldo a link to the last
pass a link to the past in parentheses
no really a link to the past but it's a
girl oh sorry a link to the past with
texture mod and you know I'm really
happy for them that they found an
audience on the switch kind of defeats
the purpose of the cleanup when the
police are already there I agree no are
you kidding I'm uh I am getting rid of
valuable material evidence that's
already been photographed yeah oh they
have folk served and they have
photographs but it with a they can't get
DNA fingerprints probably already walked
off a lot of test tubes shit running
running running fight I can't even put
on an APB on your your station wagon and
maybe it was before they have APB yeah
it's fine
yeah so but whoever said that this is
gonna last 30 minutes that was pretty
generous
I also learn Indies speaking of Nintendo
Indies young of indie games on the
Nintendo switch rich yeah they just did
a little mini directs showcasing some
Indies and one I mean not of note for
you but one that you may be happy to
hear about seeing as up how people are
buying on the switch is they are
bringing a mark of the ninja remastered
okay
how is it that was a different
remastered what does that mean
remastered what does that mean I have no
idea I have no idea what it means
see I I wish yeah just to simplify the
gaming experience
I don't want 32 different consoles too
bad it's like a fight I don't need to
have it on the switch if I could just
keep as much shit as possible on my PC
yeah that's what I'm happy what I don't
know if I need it
no that's and that's fair you you might
not need it for you know obviously many
switch owners okay
many switch owners want it rich
consistently forgets that the switch is
portable no I just don't give a shit
that it's portable yeah rich doesn't
care about portability he doesn't do
much outside but when I'm outside of the
home I'm probably there to do something
specific like work or shop yeah and I
won't be playing video games I don't I
don't understand the portability I don't
get it right and as someone who is out
quite a bit and has to you know like be
out wait somewhere for 30 minutes and
then you know go back home portability
is fucking key rich some people have
long commute a train each day I'm not
one of them
this isn't relative to me
hmm I can only talk about my own
experience that's true that's true rich
but you know hopefully for clay they get
a they get a little money bonus I get a
little little cash people wanting to
play a want to play switch games or play
their game on the switch right that'd be
nice
waiting for Rich's rants about tampons
since he doesn't need them alright here
you go cuz it's gonna be identical to my
rant on the switch I don't see any use
for it
rich run too rich to odd tampons
why don't you want tampons rich I don't
have any need for tampons why don't you
keep trying to sell me your tampons
there you go I understand other people
who share tampons I suppose um it well I
think VD what the issue here rich is
it's it's literally just a language
problem which when you say I don't see a
use for tampons right yeah like clearly
you know what tampons are used for but
you personally don't have a use for
tampons and so like people might be
getting config they're getting that's
their fault yes their problem it's
absolutely their problem it that's
absolutely their problem register a rant
on the games terrible music no because
I'd be playing it on mute while
listening to something interesting
can you hide while you're being pursued
probably from what we've learned about
the game so far I wouldn't have guessed
that that's true
probably
I do have a Vita I have a video that I
have not touched since I got us since
Isaac came to the switch I have not
touched my Vita oh wait no you know what
that's not true I think when salt and
sanctuary came to the Vita I put I've
tried it a little bit on the Vita mmm it
was alright okay it was alright so you
can't put bodies and hiding spots I'm
just I'm just assuming you can't okay
no when if you have a body apparently
you cannot put an ice box yeah
wonderfully bring salt and sanctuary
over to swish hey rich Mike wanted to
spend the night in the woods to catch a
Bigfoot would you go with him for one
Mike would be in the woods looking for
ghosts not big feet big feet aren't
Mike's then secondly we'd probably be
filming it for some reason yeah and it
would be it would be like work-related
and CSI would go out in the woods and
we'd make some kind of ghost hunting
video yeah and it would be a music so
then you would go so I would go yes no
that makes sense that actually makes a
ton of sense
Jack have you ever used the remote play
feature of your Vita to play same
bloodborne somewhere else
I tried it when it first came out yes
actually for our that was a bit I cut
out of our blood-borne review I did talk
about that a little bit and for
something like blood-borne there the lag
was um I'd imagine the lag was someone
else was noticeable like it wasn't
terrible but it was noted like for
blood-borne it would never work but I
could see if you like if there was a
turn-based game yeah or a game where you
know don't they just find the bodies at
the base of the building idea listen
this is the this is the game this is
what I have to do in the game I can't I
can't recode the game you know
really watch you guys live but now I
wish I wasn't so I could fast-forward to
a point where you're playing another
game I see guys really care about the
games we play that much I mean come on
we know what's up we know what's up
you're here for the bandar is there
anything remotely close to ghosts that
you believe in not really no I like I
like hearing other nuts talk about this
kind of stuff yeah yeah I guess it could
be funny yeah ghost stories can be fun
mm-hmm that doesn't mean I believe them
though sure yeah that's fair oh it's a
newspaper that's a printing press yeah
as an old newspaper building it's game
plates and the game takes place in 1972
newspapers are still relevant dead yet
they're not super dead they're there
they're like you know what do you call
it they're almost dead you know
depressing I would say the depressing a
grandpa got moved to the hospice yeah so
we all know it's coming we all know it's
good just go visit go visit grandpa go
visit grandpa every once in a while he's
pretty close
okay okay okay it's like it's like that
tailspin where you'd almost want to read
a newspaper just because you feel pity
for them but the act of reading a
newspaper and itself is depressing
because they're dying so you just hasten
the doom of the newspaper because you
don't want to even touch the newspaper
because it's so depressing thinking
about all those people who are going to
lose their jobs to read some articles
here and there you know yeah and then
all news will be just some asshole with
a blog and news will be useless oh
that's the real thing that is real that
is the future useless news you know this
is my news is like top ten list or or
compiled list of other people's tweets
and you know it's the craziest part is
like there is some like breaking
legitimate news coming out of you know
BuzzFeed it's crazy there's still some
legitimate papers out there there's
still some legitimate investigative
reporting for now for now yeah when
everything's a blog that's out the
window you know it no it won't be there
will still be investigative reporting
just no one will hear about it because
it's some vlog you've never heard of
okay and then and then will come up with
some sort of news aggregation network
that brings them all together it'll
it'll be fine
certain objects can be moved I mean you
remember water a day
well you'd we don't we were around but I
mean we know of Watergate you know I
mean God was the press super relevant
back then or what newspapers brought
down a president how they're working on
it working out a second time it just
takes a little longer now everything
does
you know and this time you know it won't
be newspapers it'll be some guy who
works for a facebook data aggregation
conglomerate and it'll just it same
thing different different a different
time same shit different time and that's
fine okay Jack you didn't know that
Trump is gonna get reelected right
I dunno that's gonna ask I continue to
have hope in my heart I I want you to be
prepared I'm gonna continue to have hope
in my heart I know you're not gonna take
it well I know what it's gonna happen
I'm hope I can always be hopeful the
midterms have been pretty good too
they're the special elections have been
pretty good to Democrats especially
progress it yeah by the time the
presidential elections rolled around
will be time for the reverse reverse
outrage we can do this we can do this
America we got the popular vote last
time we can get the electoral college on
our side this time it'll be fine
Hillary's gonna run again and she's
still gonna smell like onions to the
voters and then trump's gonna get in
again it'll be a rematch and it'll play
out exactly the same fine
hope hope bridge hope be the change you
want to see it's gonna be great
how about you vote rich then talk smack
how about you go fuck yourself rich is
just being fun it's okay guys it's okay
Richard being funny
riches riches he's talking funny
everything's fun everything's fun of
games no it'll be fine
I I believe I believe in us as a people
you know less so than I did before I
still there's uh what okay I hate this
game as a surprise to no one
as a surprise to no one I hate this game
where are we rich where we're at the
corner of hope and change where are you
reality that was a nice one you're going
mad it's been playing the shitty game
what it was was the me wind says here's
some money for you plebs to spend on
cleaning supplies also have either of
you played the game Steve Jackson's
sorcery it's a great old-school
adventure game and four chapters have
not I've never I've never even heard of
it nope sorry if that's an important
game to you
but no I've not heard of I've never even
heard of that Steve Jackson's was it
called Steve Jackson's sorcery Steve
Jackson surgery no need when this goes
on to say another tip since I asked
about sorcery since I figured after
saying you fellows playing Space Quest
that it it'd be the type of game you'd
enjoy well I mean possibly have a code
for chapters 1 & 2 if you'd fancy trying
it out okay what do you think rich but
well what do we know about Steve
Harvey's I just know two tips Steve have
mentioned him Steve Steve Harvey's
adventure Steve Jackson I prefer Steve
Harvey's adventures
you know oh yeah you're hosting the feud
you're hosting the feud
just you know slightly racist little
little overtly religious nothing like a
huge fan Harvey yeah no no that's why
I'm that's why I'm I'm hassling him a
little bit here
he makes goofy faces that's his job
that's that's his uh and presumably a
scripted Family Feud oh god yeah
name ten body parts and then someone
says but nigga oh I can't believe said
but yeah holy jesus yeah there you go
guys by the way I'm leaving previously
recorded to become a writer on family
for you they just saw me improv that bit
and they were super impressed oh my god
we didn't even think about that that was
the the Purdue production and team a
family few fun
which is worse Steve Harvey or Louie
Anderson well Louie Anderson in one for
family feud
well just personally I don't know what
about what do we know about Louie
Anderson that weird gay sex scandal
thing where he came on to someone
underage or something weird uh well then
Mary Anderson no I didn't even know
about that yeah I don't know they were
underage which is somebody proposition
that was unwilling and creeped out by
which would have been sure I don't know
they don't remember the details you know
it was a whole thing though it's
possible he might be a creepy creep oh
yeah yeah he was trying to pressure some
man into sex oh that's not cool Louie
that's not cool
get it together Louie Anderson now this
is this is where I'm misremembering and
it turns out it was someone else and I'm
completely slandering Louie Anderson
what if you that that's entirely
possible we're gonna get sued rich we
might we might this whole section might
be muted on YouTube yay I'm gonna do
something I never thought I would do no
I am going to Google Louie Anderson sex
scandal I have to know don't want to see
the Haitians weep I need we need to
fact-check
what if pictures exist
first result Louie Anderson's sexist
extortion case closed
positive clothes I don't know
click on it I'm clicking you can put on
a list man not my laptop so you take
them you're being put on a list damn it
lock me out man I what do we know about
Louie Anderson why I'm trying to scroll
the screen the screwing laptop life with
Louie got a tad easier Monday when the
man who tried to extort thousands from
funny guy Louie Anderson was shipped off
to federal prison appearing in US
District Court in Los Angeles Richard
John Gordon 31 of Mesa Arizona was
sentenced Monday to 21 months at a
federal penitentiary for trying to
extort hundreds of thousands of dollars
from the Family Feud host in exchange
for not telling tabloids that Anderson
asked him for sex
so all right so that's a little bit less
sleazy than I was thinking
oh yeah I want a bone and the guys like
I'm gonna so know if some guy was being
a dickhead and went to jail for it okay
so Louie wasn't being a dickhead at all
so now we gotta meet the whole section
you got that well no cuz you know what
rich you made a mistake you did some
fact-checking and now you admitted the
mistake that's great that's how it works
that's how life works we need we need
that part so we can keep this part in I
just just keep in mind what Louie
Anderson looks like yeah yeah okay you
know what Louie Anderson looks like
right yeah I'm picturing him I don't
like that I'm picturing him but I'm
picturing him Gordon claim Anderson
approached him at a Southern California
concede Oh in 1993 okay Anderson
reportedly asked Orton to go home with
him and strip down and let Anderson
touch him okay
it is really Anderson come on Matt
everybody needs a little everybody lead
needs a little junk touching rich even
Louie Anderson you're a healthy young
gay guy you can do better than Louie
Anderson you know maybe maybe he maybe
the guy he propositioned wasn't that
young and healthy we don't know what
Louie's into man baby
everyone needs a junk touched just a
little bit Louie was just looking for
love
whole story could be a lie though I
remember seeing some kind of interview
with Lois Anderson and where he
basically said yeah it was the thing
that happened he say this tray of his
drunk
I think is what he tried to claim sure
sure
so as Louise Lewis saying that he ain't
gay or that it didn't proposition that
guy no I think he was saying he
propositioned it but he was just going
public about the blackmail because it
was costing him a lot of money yeah he
was being blackmailed for a while this
is going on like he was giving this guy
money oh and then he just wanted even
more money guys after already extorting
a bunch of money out of Louie Anderson
gotcha and Louie Anderson fuck it I'm
going to the cops
yeah good on you Louie Anderson okay so
some guy was being a dickhead Louie you
know yeah nothing wrong Louie did
nothing wrong in this situation well the
only thing he did wrong was not report
the guy earlier right
but you know well he had a cartoon show
yeah you don't want that gay sex scandal
coming out when you're starring at a
cartoon show on Saturday mornings that's
true these were the 90s my life with
Louis was the thing these were the 90s
Ellen wasn't even out yet or maybe just
coming out the we do it was a different
time different time man
it's not illegal that's why I'm
apologizing to Louie Anderson yeah rich
made a mistake in now and he looked it
up and now he's saying like oh is this
how world works man he's doing a rich is
doing a good job
we need to applaud we need to applaud
what is happening here is the problem
with just being accused of something
your brain just remembers was like the
guy involved that sex scandal thing and
you don't remember the details or the
resolution your name just gets sullied
now until someone Google's it then it's
all unsullied again the importance of
quality investigative reporters that's
why I wanted a fast one
someone had to write this story down I
just remember there was someone that
some kind of Louie Anderson sex scandal
I don't remember that he does I don't
know gotta be Louie that's on you rich
yes somebody about the Duke lacrosse
team and they'll say one thing those
rapists and know there's a whole thing
they were falsely accused sure yeah but
all people remember is the accusation
yeah but it works the other way too all
right doesn't what's the other way that
dude who was raping the girl and then
got off because the the judge didn't
want to like ruin his future even though
he was caught like forcibly like getting
on someone who was passed out people
remember him though as the jerk who got
off because the judge was wrong yeah
yeah so what's what's worse look he he
may have deserved it I'm just saying you
get associated with a sex scandal it's
never good I'm saying what's worse being
a being a oh that doesn't shit that
doesn't cover their gosh dang it
I just like this game very much I just
like this game very much I don't like
playing it south on Star Trek he says
quickly changing the subject I think
we're there
what start changing the subject oh I was
like Star Trek we're in we're in Star
Trek ok ready ready for ready for how
about some video game news Wow I was
some video game news on our video game
livestream okay epic the the makers of
the the very real Unreal Engine and for
tonight and all that fun stuff trying to
make maybe a MOBA or it was they tried
to make a game and it failed called
paradigm yeah here over here that game
no paradigm paradigm I forget I forget
the actual name of it anyway it was a
big failure yeah they tried to push this
it was like a MOBA or way was one of
those fucking games right and they said
ah fuck man our game is a huge failure
no one's playing our game we gotta shut
it shut it down but we made all this
shit for like character designs and
level designs and outfits and animations
and we put a shit ton of work into all
the all the assets into the game and
because you know they also maybe Unreal
Engine they said well how about this
anyone who uses the Unreal Engine you
can just use all these assets okay
that's really nice I think that's a
great I mean obviously it's not full of
purely altruistic because they have you
know like oh use our and make money from
the Unreal Engine yeah sure but I just
thought that was really I thought that
was a classy and good marketing tactic a
classy move in a good marketing tactic
okay okay so
Cole has a body already baby how do they
end up beating in software in the hole
video game engine deal how did they end
up yeah
it's pure pure pure numbers it's really
easy to port unreal games to different
platforms it's easy to cut they they
figured out the coding language side of
it where ya get fucked hey you've
trapped now copper get fucked it is
apparently crazy easy to bring unreal
games to different consoles different
different operating systems and and
according to game makers it's also
fucking up don't do it don't come over
here you're gonna come what nice you are
what is called lucky that was incredibly
lucky but I will take it you know so
they they they figured out the game the
game is get it on make it easy make it
easy for your designers and make it easy
to port to different devices
motherfucker I'm trapped up here some of
my traps as rich I am floored that Mike
didn't have you in a white sheet ghost
costume for the demon house review did
he even pitched that idea
No
ever not seen demon how so I don't get
the relevance so I'm kind of lost but
this is not a thing gonna happen nope oh
there's you know demon house you're a
ghost I don't know I don't know man I
didn't see demon house either gentleman
bearers says last week somebody in chat
suggested the band king gizzard and the
lizard wizard yes I had to check them
out just based on that name alone
they're sound a new favorite band
hey great psychedelic rock band there
you go there you go
King gizzard and lizard wizard did it
whoever shared that a piece of info you
did it congratulations anonymous says
have you signed a nondisclosure
agreement with trump then he may have
stupidly broken it to find out if you
should sue to be released and sell your
story for money
and sold a lawyer any lawyer okay okay
meet winces sorcery did mean winds did
you make Steve Jackson sorcery by the
way if you did that's fine we've
actually played fan-made games before
like but don't try to be like I've heard
of this really great game it never works
out sorcery is a fantasy story based on
one of those choose your own adventure
books released in the 1980s the game
reminded me a lot of the Sierra Quest
series house and steam code - you plebs
definite they definitely they definitely
made it me twin says here are some money
to make up for me ranting on about
sorcery to you guys yep you ever forgive
me oh holy hack Franz definitely
definitely that person made it which is
fine no I got like I said that's totally
fine but you definitely made the game
next time just be like hey I made a game
do you guys want to play the game I made
because you know I made a game by Kaba
and cephalo pathetic says here's a
reward for fact-checking live on stream
you did it yeah you did it rich I'm so
you know what I'm sad I let out
misinformation in the first place you
know that's not cool that's not cool
rich but more important than that you
did your due diligence
hey hey remember that thing I heard I
heard about that thing but then instead
of just leaving it there you went the
extra mile and so hey by the way to wrap
that up in a nice little bow yeah I
think Steve Harvey's worse yeah oh yeah
that's it see this or hers nice job do
it again rich I do what I can
doo-doo-doo-doo
next time do due diligence before
speaking out sometimes you can you just
you talk man we all talk we're all
talkers
we're all just here to talk all the talk
of things
but you once is Jack Jack I'm wondering
something for a while I'm Jack sometimes
you seem to go out of your way to avoid
person a good times it's fuck city yeah
this is intentional love the stream lol
fully mission capable
it's just however I'm feeling I I have
no problem with cussing I in fact enjoy
cussing quite a bit but let's let's say
you didn't want to swear I'm you know
the man whose children yeah and they
know all the cousins now but for a while
we were trying to you know we were
trying to keep the cusses from him
doesn't the cop in the car see you know
I I moved the car using the cop think
it's weird there's cars moving out as
yeah and he should if anything he should
just see me like through the windows you
know but hey what are you gonna do what
are you gonna do me in gonna win at the
game that's what we're gonna do so you
know sometimes I just think it's funnier
to say gosh darn you know yeah and
sometimes I feel like like cussing
what are you gonna do about it
nothing is the answer you're gonna do
goddamn nothing a bottle oh I see I see
what I got
since gone any
shit fuck he heard me through the wall
heard me through the wall sometimes the
bleep thing is funny huh
yes you know what's up
let's see here easy-peasy japanesey says
you're lucky Mike doesn't edit these
bridge at the whole video
destroy him on YouTube with you making
false accusations Mead wins says I wish
I made sorcery but I have no talent
whatsoever in making games I'm just one
of those passionate type of flubs I also
like the word pleb I do we notice can I
send the code through Steam or something
I I'm gonna I'm gonna be alright we'd be
perfectly honest unless it absolutely
looks amazing for some reason okay we're
probably not going to play it oftentimes
we don't there's just so many things to
play that you know yes things to play if
you would like to send us the code you
can do so in a prereq at red letter
media dot-com it's one of them's our
emails
one of them's our emails you send us
that than their email those electronic
mails yep but the kids are talking about
all the kids and Thor are talking about
them why are you why is it that you're
playing this game apparently because
it's spring its spring and spring
cleaning and I'm a cleaner you get it
you get it you get it
Richard you seen the compilation of
people missing 100% shots and XCOM to
our first things first
yeah a lot of people play X come I'll
put the probably the stream Dexcom yeah
you have numbers that high you're gonna
have the few times that happens on
camera I don't know how can you miss a
hundred percent shot the way the game
calculates hit percentages it's it
rounds up but basically the chance to
hit was probably like ninety nine point
six yeah sure yeah because playing
rounds off they don't have a decimal
point but really there was up like a
point zero for chance to miss sure oh
that would that must have been in fury I
imagine it is ever I've heard of it it's
never happened to me okay
so it's never happened to you
it out of truncated 99 then I actually
agree yeah that's it that's a that's a
poor design choice right there
yeah yeah what are you gonna do what do
you do play a different game well yeah
we'll get this get there I'm going to
play don't worry I'm going to play a
different over here
that's what I wanna do
need to ask quick question
and the wolf of wallstreet review how
many of those burgers did you actually
eat there's a big spit bucket right next
to me I think I actually ate one of them
amazing it but you do is you go oh yeah
oh that's a that's a Hollywood term
right there spitting fuck it
rich now in Hollywood there's a lot of
there's a lot of meaning behind words
like you know like they have they have
certain technical words that that means
something right like if you put
something on sticks they want it on a
tripod okay okay
if you Hollywood a shot it's actually
someone holding a light not on a light
stand they have a different name for
light stands so what is a spit bucket
and you spit bucket what is this that's
what I'm asking you like I don't know
because you know a lot of people like
they come to us because we know a lot
about filmmaking they they want to know
what a spit bucket is that's called a
food spittoon okay okay all right I'm
with you now the correct answer I was
looking for what I was hoping to come
back with is oh it's a bucket you spit
in that's what I said yep for like oh
the big the big turn that's making a lot
of assumptions Jack Jack
here's your flaw there's the flaw in
your reasoning I only made clever puns
oh it was a pun that was what that was
that was a you turn the u-turn joke Oh
lots of lots of newfangled definition
for four simple words so what's the spit
bucket
yeah so it's a bucket you spit in and
and the one I ate didn't have all of the
butter on it the one either the one I
actually swallowed parts of
but ER
Oh tetris geek has joke in the chat
Tetris geek a fireman a lawyer and a
priests are on a plane that's about the
crash firemen says we have to save the
children
Clarence's fuck the children the priest
says do we have time ah I like that joke
let's find you find you uh you know what
nothing wrong with that joke nothing
wrong with that joke there
I get it
I get it valium bloodshot says hey guys
hey Richard did you see the trailer for
the new Karate Kid YouTube red series
Cobra Kai nope
it's 34 years later Larusso has become a
prick and Johnny is restarting the Cobra
Kai dojo I seen it I know people don't
like it because Danny seems like kind of
a prick
that's a fine take on it like this it's
been 30 years maybe the bully the kid
who was a bully when he was a kid but
he's grown up and he's mature okay so
that's what it's about it's about the
the bully kid yeah all right well
supposedly about both of them but I mean
the relationships not exactly the same
as it was 30 years ago where he just
picks on Danny for like decades oh right
is it the original actors yeah have fun
starring Bob Loblaw
they got Bob Loblaw it's a character
Scott Baio did on the rest of the
bellmen his name is Bob Loblaw Bob
Loblaw and he was a lawyer call Bob
Loblaw the character that it's got Bob
did I know that did I know that those
were two different people
rich I'm not sure I understood that the
Karate Kid and Charles in Charge were
two different people hide really I
honestly don't know if in my brain I
knew that I'm trying to think now I
might have messed up some things in my
life rich specifically some Ralph
Macchio Scott Baio things oh wait so who
was Bob Loblaw was that Ralph Macchio I
have no idea who Bob Loblaw is oh I'm
sorry that was for the chat chat was
that Scott Baio or was that Ralph
Macchio I don't think Ralph Macchio went
on to do much else that's possible Scott
Baio tried to have a career for a while
I think Ralph Macchio was mostly just
the Karate Kid kid
okay so then it was probably Scott Baio
a few other things wasn't he like the
one with Patrick Swayze the outsiders Oh
was it was it Oh
or is that or is that Scott Baio haha
uh-huh rich Tina - you keep oh yeah my
cousin Vinnie is a few things there you
go land academy-award-winning my cousin
Vinnie
but Ralph Macchio on that sex scandal
yours nothing about pony boys oh yeah I
didn't look into it at all and I'm
completely misremembering of that oh
that probably wasn't good
something about pony boy that could be
the name of a book probably is the name
of a book those like Amazon
self-published books something about
Pony boys
so as the chant said who Rob blah blah
oh the chat knows what I'm talking about
they watched Arrested Development what
are our thoughts on deep space 9 as
opposed to next-gen they're they're
really different beasts somewhat similar
feel but for a while so you get to the
later seasons of deep space 9 yeah this
is more of a rich question you know Star
Trek
I like next-gen but I gave up on I gave
up on DSN because it was so different I
probably I probably watched maybe wish
there's episodes every now and then that
feel TNG ish sure I probably made it I
probably made it half a season in deep
space 9 maybe a full season but that was
coming right off of next-gen it's it's
it's different but it's not bad you
should probably you should probably give
it a second chance
as an adult I might enjoy it yeah
another oh yes right
I don't know if I can agree with all you
people saying deep space 9 was a better
show I can't agree with that next-gen
it's really good that next-gen
I don't have a ton of experience with
deep space but next-gen is pretty darn
good
no I'm saying yeah
I think deep space 9 has the problem a
lot of epic stories have were the seven
years of hype you just you can't make a
conclusion that lives up to seven years
of hype you can't do it gotcha I'm with
you but there's a lot of goodness in
there
they worked like the conclusion decides
to completes lock with Dukat and Chi win
but isn't that the stuff that was most
important they got right in in any case
its Deep Space nine is not a good
starting point for Trek hahaha we cannot
we can all agree on that
diddly read something in chat I was
looking over delivery something in chad
has something I can speak to the the
gist of the comment which you know I
couldn't read fully because our chat is
now on a very tiny screen mm-hmm oh yeah
was was was I was wondering about
overwatch knowing that I'm a because I'm
a big fan of overwatch they're like
what's what's the deal with overwatch
and all of the people who like ask you
know which character is you know which
why are all the overwatch characters why
are my people making vlogs about like
these two characters are in a
relationship and these two characters
are in a relationship and it's a big
deal in the overwatch community talking
about basically talk about which
character fucks yeah like that's what
it's all about
and my only answer to that is that is
every single community this has been
happening since Kirk and Spock that's
literally the start of it it's a it's a
it's a thing called shipping and it's
when you make up relationships for
characters in the show huh it's the
people fans man you can't control them
you can't control them so why even try
and it's it's not just the overwatch
community it's every fucking community
and there's no stopping it I just try to
ignore it because yeah it gets a little
it gets a little excessive it gets a
little excessive the these shippers of
overwatch but hey you know if that's how
they're having fun in the game yeah you
got you you do you you do you however
however you have fun with your given oh
is that how I hide the bodies I throw
them in the Piranha tank
oh that's cute that's cute shit shit
except for when I get caught can I reach
the hideout in time
you lost him anyway so yeah you know I
know and like there's there's always
there's always new when new character
just got introduced an overwatch and so
of course there's new people but going
like well who they fucking because
that's what they care about
okay people enjoying it I've enjoyed
that's right there was there was
shipping within half in the bag
and they turned it into a storyline the
mr. blanket Jade a pocket deathtrap says
here's five dollars for introducing me
to slay the spy over and in turn
breaking my addiction to freemium
hearthstone it's so nice not having to
pay to get cards oh yeah oh yeah by the
way I get it hearthstone you want that
money that cash
Blizzard wants that cash this this looks
exactly as fun as pretty hard yes fun is
party hard and if everyone remembers
party hard it wasn't that fun it's just
not it's just not very good at all I do
not recommend it and I'm very sorry to
anyone who worked on the game or what
not adds it might be fun find a striker
for some people but I'm not digging it
how long you gonna keep on with this
shit now what's our ups mm I don't know
it's AIT's a mother trucker I know I
know someone up timers please hey what
about that other guy bring you over
there well don't you hear that don't you
hear that cop ya know when we started
late what aren't 12 minutes oh well then
I can give the VM I'm time doing up I'm
gonna I'm just gonna see if I can defeat
this level and then I'm totally out
do you want to play overwatch check not
necessarily tonight I do want to play
overwatch and actually I haven't been
playing overwatch there's an rich
there's a new hero why don't you stream
over lunch uh because that's like a
maggot it's like a meat game yeah but
that's like a gamey and dishonored I get
it mmm no in fact I actually I play with
people you know from chat all the time
who are now my friends on blizz net or
whatever it's called but there's a new
hero in overwatch briquette day or
however you pronounce her name uh-huh
Bridget it's Bridget let's just call it
Bridget was in the chat about her life
one day I think she overpowered she
she's a new hero and she's a head
because it was the way I ran and she's a
heavy healer class and she looks
dominating yeah and so you know already
heavies are hard to kill but now she's a
heavy that can create extra shields I
haven't had I have not had a chance to
play with her yet but I really want to
because I love playing as heavies and I
love playing as support characters as
healers so I am looking forward to
playing as her but I haven't played as
her yet okay
why not because of you what rich it's
your fault why is this my fault
a little bit ago I brought in my ps4 and
I played a little blood-borne cuz I had
a little yeah it she I was like you know
I'll play a little blood-borne on stream
and get it out of my system and I did oh
you know we had a great time
played some blob or brought it right
back and then you brought it back
another week and got that like I was
pretty satisfied with Maya
blood-borne it right and then you got
that little bit further whereas like oh
yeah I remember that part oh yeah I
remember that part and then I had to
start my blood-borne character all over
again with a strength build so I've been
playing nothing but blood
at home I'm sorry then again I'm not
sorry like the other night I had a
completely free night I had a couple
hours and I was like I can just do
whatever I want Lisa was out it's just
like alright let's play some video games
blood-borne like that was classic
overwatch time but no it was blood-borne
time here's here's what I will say
though I had significantly more cheesing
I also defeated the blood start beast in
which I'm pretty happy but I cheese
really hard that's what was your cheese
I got him pinned behind one of the
little statue okay okay and so I was
able to just kind of parry and then do
the lunging attacks so I found the
little pungent blood cocktails did they
work wonders you're just getting them
off your ass for them so you can heal up
yeah yeah yeah that was my strat I am
now those a little stuck on Amelia I'm
vicar Amelia I don't know what it is
first two or three times I had to fight
Amelia I didn't have that many problems
but hmm that's that's gone sure I don't
know maybe you fought her earlier maybe
you fought it later I don't know
I'm having some difficulties with her
right now I got I've gotten close a
couple times and I've only faced her
four times and I've come close a couple
times but and the chat might be
interested in this I had an accident
yeah I told you about it earlier okay I
accidentally killed Eileen the crow
I was going through her storyline and
she told me about you hunter and as
monster as the chap might know for this
run-through I'm playing I have two
conditions for my run through this time
I must be shirtless and and I can only
use my hammer in my head in my head my
character who wields the mighty hammer
has to be shirtless but he he looks like
a eighteen hundred's dentist yes he's a
strong man boxers fight I named him
burly I I had the exact same buddies not
I know because they can't be they can't
be burly so so I I was helping Ilene
with with her bear hunts and apparently
I accidentally hit her with my hammer as
I was dealing the finishing blow to our
foe her hunter foe and I accidentally
killed Eileen I feel you should that's
that's restart man let's restart the
game I wanted to I really like I
immediately hit the the start button and
exited the game hoping that it didn't
save yet yeah yeah you got fucked and
then I was thinking about restarting but
I have a really decent build and I've
been doing all right
I've been doing all right here and there
so I've kept moving forward okay okay
you've accepted your mistake and you
moved on that's commendable Jen that is
commendable what are you gonna do
right off then we are going here
shanghaied 1897 says hey guys now that
people know what you guys look like has
there been any talk of doing a panel at
Wizard World I local cons etc also you
know what I'm not reading the last bit
just because I completely disagree where
you read the the end part of that tip
there has been any talk of a panel of
where's world other local cons Exedra
also the last Jedi rules okay no no
panel target I just agree with that all
right

[Part II]
Games where you clean, because spring cleaning!!! (Part 2)
March 21, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX-jdcvAVsA

okay performing first time setup for
viscera cleaning detail so you're not
going to switch to a fun game I wanted
to make that clear
I'm sticking I'm sticking with the
spring cleaning bit for a little bit
longer just for well just see if this is
any fun of course it's not this game is
a joke it's literally what it says it is
I thought it was a game too I don't
think it is I think it's a game I think
it's just a joke oh then I might have
made a horrible music I really I think
you did I think you literally just clean
up the gore there's no game involved no
it's a joke it's a haha somebody has to
clean up after the the aliens go on the
rampage in the space station ha ha we'll
see about that
screen mode would get better resolution
1080 that messes up everything perfect
so let's not do that
we've already lost chat yes it could
read it anyway that's true
all right dr. Lu wattup says as an
Australian I am frequently baffled by
Americans attitudes to swearing like why
is shit considered worse than crap can
you help me understand no I can't no
because I'm with you it's just old rules
passed down from older rules that's down
from older rules
what do you get from a country that was
formed by a bunch of fucking Puritans
who left England because they wanted to
be even more stripped yes that's true
that's that's how it works like everyone
everyone's here is just a little too
little too loose with the rules
and I have different hope here we go put
the body in here price is it wait wait
wait wait wait wait go back to the
machine you probably put it in the top
and it grinds things oh that's it to
turn on
maybe I'm wrong it might be wrong you
could be wrong I price it they're
getting mad at you for tracking the
blood everywhere oh my god oh oh my mops
all bloody I need a bucket I need a
bucket rich I know
oh god I am getting blood everywhere oh
here's my bucket okay hey don't worry
guys I found my bucket all right
spring cleaning this is great we're
gonna spruce this space station right up
slosh slosh o matic I can get more
buckets we get the space station super
oh oh oh I can take it with me Hey look
at me look at me I'm working smarter not
harder
all right so anyway what we're talking
about I don't know
we were far too engrossed in the game to
figure out how to
hot pants hose is s3 of season three of
Rick and Morty that phrase am i evil
worse you're smart for me it was so
cringe-worthy that make me drop the show
what kind of moment made you give up a
show or movie if there was any like
specific phrase you know um the mouse
and keyboard aren't really working for
me
really
probably I'm sorry I don't have an
answer for you right now
oh okay
here we go we're back here what what are
you both of your opinions of lost how
much did it being made up all along
bother you
I called that from the beginning that's
why I never watch lost while there was a
couple things that bothered me about the
ending of lost overall it was a show
about the characters and I felt like the
character resolution was good okay you
know obviously yeah they dropped the
ball on so many plot lines and story
threads and whodunits that that'll get
you a little upset just as a just as a
fan of you know decent writing what was
it at the end of season two where where
they find the giant statue and then you
know the one guy says I'm less concerned
with the fact that it's a giant statue
and more concerned with the fact that it
has only four toes dunt dunt Oh like
that was like the last line of the big
season 2 season finale yeah never
brought up again just not even yeah not
even I called that but like I said it's
about the characters and I liked what
they did with the characters
I was happy with that happy with the
character resolution on who says Jack
what do school kids like these days I
find it interesting that everyone's
entertainment has fragmented among
Netflix / YouTube instead of following
one half weekly shit 1 to 2 weekly shows
like when I was growing up uh yeah you
know the YouTube YouTube stars YouTube
celebrities are huge yep
that should be a surprise too and no one
what do your kids like that was the
question I think that's what they want
to know you don't have to tell them what
your kids like you but I believe that's
what the question is
oh sure um what of it what are they
watching now they watch they watch a lot
of you know like Cartoon Network shows
Teen Titans go unikitty stuff like that
you know what they just found actually
life and they're super excited about is
okay so this is a real thing so 9 & 6
right they just found America's Funniest
Home Videos okay so they probably love
it it's you know it's an hour of people
getting kicked in the nuts they they as
far as they are concerned no other
entertainment exists this is all that
matters to them where the hell's will
they discover America's Funniest Home
Videos it was like on Hulu or sound like
the new season is now Hulu or something
they browse Hulu how do they discover
these things they're 6 & 9
yeah yeah like they're good they were
going to Hulu to watch you like a
Cartoon Network okay okay and you know
because the algorithm Hulu says oh you
might also like this show and they're
like AFV and maybe they were out of new
episodes of Teen Titans or whatever Teen
Titans get you recommended episodes of
America's Funniest Home Videos
apparently or you know whatever you know
how the algorithm works it spits out
random shit
but so they just discovered that and and
yeah they are but how do I get rid of my
bucket probably put it in the bucket
machine with some other machine you put
it in now I've got all these buckets
laying around I prank can't throw that
out but I feel like I can tell you like
after school the kids you know I hear
the kids talking and they are talking
about YouTube stars going to see the
favorite you YouTube star you know who's
coming live or whatever right that's so
that's all it is now is go into the
incinerator you go how about you I hope
that doesn't blow up
yep actually this is this is fairly sad
and I'm actually a little okay with this
yes Jack what do your kids think about
your YouTube job they they're just
excited they're just excited when I
bring when I start playing a new video
game that they can watch they don't say
I don't think it quite sinks in what I
do yet I don't know if you missed
something but I'm reading a comment oh
look the only interesting part of the
game down the memory hole oh I did throw
away something that had no name on it
well this is my first time playing I did
I threw I threw something away I just
threw something away that apparently I
was not supposed to throw away okay
sorry I got a job to do my job is to
clean up sorry
that I take my job seriously sorry it
not sorry no time all right P Herbert
fig so see here's another here's another
thing Marina del would like a turn on
some music I hope I'll put you here for
now so we don't lose you more bodies to
take care of expensive tunes while we
were there we go I've been listening in
to this while playing a game and just
looked up what the fuck is Jack playing
this is ridiculous
this is a game called viscera cleanup
detail yes where you clean up the space
base after Doom happened basically yeah
yeah after after the after the video
game happens and all the corpses are
left lying around somebody's got to
clean it up for the next player and
that's me
because spring cleaning games looks like
a Futurama or a Rick and Morty gag
that's exactly what it is yeah it's a
gag you got a broom spring it's 31
degrees in Milwaukee that's that's what
I said Karen that's exactly what I said
it matter it's still the first day of
spring just because it's cold
okay I'm gonna work on this hallway
first you do you do you think I'm gonna
have a plan here cleanup plan
we're going to start from a corner we're
gonna work our way to because that's
where I get my buckets from this machine
is where I get my buckets from I should
probably the last place there's hard
drives all over the place I got to see I
think I hit because he rooms with like
that need access cards but I haven't
seen any gangs good look at all of those
footprints Jesus I do what I can it's
all footprints all of the mess all of
the messes from you
you put all buckets in like the other
can you dispose of that in like the
bucket thing and the other side doesn't
know I only get buckets I only get
buckets from that okay so that means
this area needs to be though the last
area a bucket I need to start cleaning
from this side of the room not from the
bucket size
my bucket airs
so so we're gonna have one area nice I
think you could put those in like empty
buckets yeah and then you're not making
more mess on the floor when you put them
down yeah well there's all these like
small bits that I'm going to put it if
you have like a bucket you could put all
these in I've been dropping them on the
floor first I'm just I'm moving them so
I can so I can clean it so I can mop
over there see this is what I needed a
disposal bin then all the things can go
in the bin there we go now now we're
getting now we're getting somewhere
I've just made a huge important
discovery it's also a huge mess well I
have a mafia
like test I'm bit yes I've made a huge
mess
weren't you a butcher man how are you
this bad at cleaning me oh look
Bingbing a meat cutter is all about
making a mess someone else comes in to
clean up no I usually clean a bit but at
the end of the night yeah you don't you
don't worry about like keeping a clean
area while you're cutting right cuz
there's no use to that I I have the same
job and oh god is the meat cutting room
a fucking mess at the end of the day oh
yeah
unbelievable fucking mess are you
kidding like after after we locked to
the doors there was an additional two
hours of just spic-and-span in that
whole fucking place it's a bad at this
one store I worked at where I I when I
cleaned up at night I literally I just
went put a garbage bag on put three
holes in two holes my arm look at my
head and just head to toe cos you're
gonna spray everything down oh yeah that
was so bad no no and you know bleach and
and cleaner and water and yeah it's nuts
yeah look at this rocking this you
literally hose the room down when you're
dead yes yes
literally
hey rich is runic Kumud worth getting
and slay the spiral pens palm what your
what your strats are what your build is
like if you're relying on fire fiend
it's great
did we all bail and into the breach too
simple
I'm not gonna say too simple but I will
say I did bail on it blood-borne tickets
play his I got it
is the bass is the basics of it I got it
it's time to dispose
I'm gonna have one fucking clean area
why if I may ask why what why we I'm
assuming why did we stop playing into
the breach you know sir other things I
want her to play instead it's not rocket
science
you fuck
and my thin rich my bin was full of
things dishonor blood thorns lay the
spire final things took precedence over
into the bridge yeah that's how it works
sometimes unfortunately
like Jack has done it's not your room
just going to be ready I'm sure there's
an achievement for that make a bigger
mess
no I'm I have look I have a clean air
I'm going to have a cool area okay I
need a new bucket going to have a clean
area gosh what stop it
I'm going to be the Jackson Pollock
school of jet it to real work
one clean corner
there we go boy what the half of the bag
said look like after the Evil Dead
episode it is it is you know I just
bullet casing you got a pickup on the
floor oh yeah I wonder X I'm wondering
if I have any like spackle what's you
once it's called the MacGyver MacGyver
muck muck diver oh it shows me where the
messes are so it's just it's all over
the place it's just go frizzy all the
time
just does not help me at all well keep
pushing towards a bucket I make a
blessing we need to pick up I don't know
nice little area over here that Hortense
and we sent under the door jack sweep
the bullets under the door know that
that would just be creating a problem
for someone else and I'm not that type
of person I am here to clean up I will
I don't know I don't know it's doing
great and I feel like it's going great
and I'm doing great I'm doing a great
job the steam page says there's
split-screen co-op for this rich could
be kicking Jack's ass right now that's
fine quick select I got a weapon quick
selects all right it's looking good it's
looking good
I'm feeling comfortable about all the
bullets
just gonna general garbage pickup here
give some general garbage before we take
on more mop work but you know like look
we have a clean area over there just
don't walk through the bus huh
you should mop yourself a path well my
feet are gonna get dirty no matter
what's I just need to I just need to
work no matter what I need to work you
know towards the bucket distributor
right okay so right now I'm working on
the next areas to the stairs here then
I'll go and do the stairs okay but you
know as long as I'm I'm over here might
as well pick up some trash cuz you got
to pick up the trash first right
the only downside is of course our bin
giver router is over here right our bin
mean receptacle all the garbage we need
to pick that we use aluminium to
concentrate on garbage animals rich
bunch of animals madam says rich and
Jack
after watching Man of Steel's the first
time I have to agree with Don beverage
supermen who destroyed businesses that's
supermen destroy people it's true can't
argue with that
I don't think Don beverage was a Man of
Steel fan yet but ya know it's it's true
true blue review says hey guys three
channels I follow recently started a TV
stream where they have all of their
videos play on a randomized playlists on
a loop 2470 you think RL MTV would be a
good idea okay you just watch your
videos you do that anyway playlists
and you can I think you can even like
randomize the playlist here we are
moving forward not we're not doing great
and cleaning up this level I need to say
that and by we I mean really but but I'm
getting there I'm getting there I'm
working on it beats train 11 says use
this attempt to tell everyone watching
about the new Netflix TV hotness on my
block it's a great coming-of-age show
equal to but very different from
stranger things it's funny charming and
edgy edgy all right no literally nothing
about it great neither
what clean it up clean up clean up clean
up clean clean it up ha ha ha
Karen gets it yeah yeah Karen gets it
the ball the buckets clean it up
spraying out somebody didn't your
fucking face clean it up through the
body up here earlier so I actually got
all right all right Hey
of fucking one
novices Peter Parker inventing his
web-shooters is stupid biological
web-shooters was better I hope you read
this rich it's only a joke okay
yeah obvious joke is obvious you're
supposed to get triggered so hey look at
this see this yeah clean unless I'm
supposed to do something with these
barrels but well we'll deal with that
later no garbage well I want to know
what that machine does this one yeah it
gives me business unless you have a
footstep this one this one gives me
yellow bins I hit it and I get a yellow
bin okay so I know what that one does no
there's one there's actually whoa oh
okay it was clean we can get it clean
again
you going to fight all right bucket me
what's wrong with organic web shooters
uh they make Peter Parker creepy the
character who's supposed to be relatable
shouldn't be creepy that's my personal
take on it you can feel however you want
about it yeah the the biological web
shooter who's definitely added a creep
factor I think I understand
Roland Grodd relatable rich a gorilla
grodd isn't supposed to be yeah well one
he's a villain yeah so yeah
I'd disagree because Logan having Klaus
make him creepy Wolverine isn't supposed
to be relatable no Wolverine is the is
the loner outsider loner or outsider
badass yeah he's a Wolverine is not the
everyman in your story
that's what's Cyclops is and really the
part of the deal with any of the x-men
is yes having some having having a
bodily function that's extraordinary is
weird and it makes them outcasts that's
the that's actually the one of the
points of the x-men comics they look and
act different we should be afraid of
them Spidey still sticky that yeah but
they're visually he's a normal human
being he doesn't got a weird spin a red
thing coming out of his wrist that
shoots goo
spider-man's grippy her things was
creepier than the wedding what's the
movie the only place spider-man's had
hair sticking hairs the Sam Raimi movie
i mean i how they even worked through
the costume it wouldn't well right and i
liked that was of course just a movie
trying to trying to you know find some
sort of rationalization for him sticking
to walls the reasoning for peter parker
not selling his web fluid is because
that would give away a secret identity
yeah and and also like remember the
whole spiderman thing is he began his
career as spider-man profiting off of
his power yes but yes that's true
but he but he learned a lesson about
that maybe a little bit too harshly he's
is he's gone from one extreme to the
other jet that's true maybe you need to
find some middle ground spider-man
if you're going to resolve Peter Parker
story that would never be the ended
let's go with the guilts yeah yeah
that's the final spider-man story it's
not spider-man has to die heroically woo
as we talked about last screams I talked
about last dream not that every
resolution to story has to be a stream
of endless depth that's true that's true
it doesn't have to be it can just be
Peter Parker making peace with his past
yeah yeah you need a you need a you need
you need drama rich rich are you excited
for the phantom movie is anybody excited
for the random movie I don't even think
fucking Tom Hardy's excited for the
venom MV and that dude starring in it
I just I by the way I think it's great
that they have incorporated bloody
footprints into the clean up game I
think that's really hilarious also hey
look at look at that look at that
glorious doing great yeah I feel I I do
feel a slight sense of accomplishment
I'm gonna move my my caution sign to
right here so I know not to go past this
line unless I have cleaned the feet
Peter Parker could do so much more for
the world as a billionaire I'm I've been
out of comics for over a decade but
isn't that exactly what they're doing
with Peter Parker and the comics right
now that's exactly what they're doing
with Peter Parker the cover okay yes
yeah Parker industry he's now a
billionaire philanthropist and actually
I have I've read a couple issues where
her it's maybe it's just one issue it's
a really fun issue and it's it's like
some guy that was a know like a b-list
or see d-list spider-man feeling a long
time ago got out of prison and was going
through some rough times and was about
to like revert to his life of crime but
spider-man stopped him like before he
was about to rob a bank was like whoa
guy you don't have to do this like you
can get a job no one's gonna hire me
because I'm an ex-con and he gives the
the guy a Parker Industries business
card like go there work for them they
they're looser rod higher and like he
actually did go out of his way to stop a
criminal from repeating the cycle you
know unlike another superhero who just
likes to punch bad guys over and over
again
so yeah I know I've read look villain it
was it was something like it wasn't the
Shocker but it was something like
someone who made a shocker suit or
something you know yeah who had mild
technical skills I'm you saying Peter
Parker dah daaaah yeah it'd be nice to
have a character but yeah I mean you
know you know that was Peter Parker's
perpetual fate after they had to Satan
dissolve his marriage Marvel's not gonna
let any actual character development
happen that would be silly
look Batman episode where Bruce tries to
give you this look Wistar job I think I
think Jack is having fun I was having a
little bit of fun being a little bit of
hi of being a little bit hyperbolic yeah
as I'm sure there are many instances in
which Batman has actually gone on its
way and do you guys know that I love you
guys know that I fucking love Batman the
Animated Series and so that Batman is
generally not the Batman I refer to when
I'm being negative to Batman
how's the Daily Bugle school thing in
mother comics
how are they hiring anyone right I use
paper photographer didn't they turn
didn't they turn like Superman into a
blogger like Superman doesn't work for
the Daily Planet anymore he's a blogger
now it's guts and entrails
you gotta guts an end trail problem
very careful the guts and entrails
because they spilled more blood get in
there and you know like I get it I get
like going back to the well and going
back to like you know what makes the
character work you know people don't
like spider-man as a as a billionaire
philanthropist you know people like the
old spider-man so we're gonna make him
poor again but you know people are
different now the great artist Neal
bream that that's it's the non-canonical
spider-man comic where his marriage is
not dissolved was out selling amazing
spider-man so they ended Parker
industries and mayhem broke again to
reset for the new writer that has been
taking over in this view
it's an obvious lesson there and I think
they missed him the non can canonical
spider-man where he was still married
where some some fragment of character
development that wasn't going to get
erased happen oh yeah
and so in response to that they once
again erase giant stack of character
development all right no I get it I get
it I think it's a bold choice
bold choice it's nothing more relatable
than somebody who works as a newspaper
photographer dear-dear
right that's what that's always been my
dreams it was a
that was my job
but mostly there's an excuse to get out
of class and leave school whenever I
wanted because I could go and leave
school to get photos developed because
we need photos to get higher nice Peter
Parker a computer programmer but his
specialty is chemistry maybe someone
doesn't know things about Peter perfect
that's why he's able to make a web fluid
yeah yeah I mean and like he could be a
computer for cuz he's just generally
smart also but yeah he sees like a he's
like a science science nerd
like the science part of science
your major all the time yeah but I don't
think he's ever shown any computer
aptitude before ever anywhere I mean I
bet he knows his way around a Windows
operation you're sure
wait what was that comment they should
make him a web developer was that a joke
all the might have been a joke
Oh worse I'm so sorry they should make
him a web it's like spider-man
you know
was briefly a teacher that's not the
worst occupational Peter Parker other
than the obvious time constraints that
would that would eat up all of your
Spiderman time right but a man who had a
troubled youth getting a job where he
helps kids that makes sense yep
I like it
shit huh get up there
and we is it any more improbable that it
gets into programming it becomes a
billionaire I'm not I'm not an advocate
of billionaire Peter Parker like I said
I haven't been reading the comics in ten
years so I have I have no strong
opinions though I think the fact that I
haven't read a comic book in over ten
years
that revokes my right to bitch about
things they do in the comics yeah like
it's about a decade I can just leave
them alone now I'm free I'm finally free
and you can tell me Peter Parker's
janitor now and I'll just go okay okay
- Parker's a chick hey you know what
like actually that wouldn't be the worst
job for ya just clean it up pretty fast
by work nights you know work flexible
schedule they're not the worst job for a
superhero to be a janitor no one notices
the janitor
you've got keys to a lot of buildings
yeah if I'm writing spider if I'm
writing spider-man that's my twist
he becomes a gym one event that got me
out of comics I was no I was long and a
slow loss of interest but it was like
event overload right like it was things
kept changing that it was just them
doing things I thought were stupid was
theirs there were there were two things
that were kind of like other than just
the general slow loss of interest over
time yeah there were there were two
things that really were the final nails
in the coffin okay but it was it was
waning interest before to see the
happened the other storyline in
spider-man which was just stupid and
nonsense and whenever you have one
single story with six artists six
different writers it's gonna be crap
I stopped reading spider-man then I kept
my I kept my feelers out sure and then
the Civil War happened right yeah Peter
Parker's identities revealed like that's
a really interesting direction to take
Peter Parker it really was I'm I'm back
in yeah I'm gonna start reading
spider-man again oh oh no no we all we
are Satan did it save them did all that
you know fucking I'm gone yep just that
either the other which was just stupid
and then one more day was the final I
think this is
this is something that I could totally
be down with it's of course it's absurd
and I get it that's a little bit of a
joke but there is an actual game
structure here and and it's a little
satisfying cleaning up an air as much as
like cleaning up any areas is satisfying
right like just cleaning can be
satisfying
well sins past also a factor was that
the goblin babies look because then yes
God
look look Marvel had a history for like
for like 15 years they kept trying to
get me to stop reading spider-man David
they would continuously try to just just
completely ruin it for me and I like
spider-man enough but eventually one of
the maybe I'll come back okay I really
like spider-man oh these old Roger stern
eighties issues oh they're so amazing oh
I love this I love this old dick Cohen
and Stanley runoff Oh Oh Clone Saga oh
the character I like that wasn't really
I got a clone sagas done alright we're
gonna be partners back okay Oh John
Brian's just just writing garbage
oh this JMS run though that's pretty
good you gotta mind imagine if he's
handling it kinda well goblin babies
good marvel would repeatedly try to get
me to stop reading the character every
time they had a jumping on point it was
a jumping off point with him goblin
babies Oh
Gwen Stacy had sex with Norman Osborn
and she had rapidly aging aging children
who grew up in flat Peter Parker
perfectly normal I don't know what
you're talking about that's my favorite
sub-genre of comics
he's goblin babies yeah Gwen Stacy had
had rapidly aging goblin babies with
Norman Osborn you heard it here first
folks
well now you find anybody what got me to
stop reading forever oh I stopped cold
during the Clone Saga but I came back
when it was over
Janice's plan was to do all these weird
fonts like the other end since pastor to
attempt to counter FPS isn't GMs to
gonna ride her to do something stupid
like that yeah let's do all this wacky
crazy stuff and then say nope did rich
not dabble an ultimate spider-man at all
ultimate spider-man was frequently a
safe haven when the regular universe
spider-man right oh it was good for a
while up and up and up until fuckin
Brian Bendis ruin that shit by just
making it too fucking miserable Brian
Bendis III really think can be a very
good writer but he's also kind of a new
guard he's a new generation of writer
that feels the need to exponentially
escalate everything and it became
miserable to read apk it became it where
there was a major event happening every
three issues oh and yeah it was it was
it was too much just too much too much
all the time all the fucking time and
you know you know he gets who does he
get now he gets Superman and he's doing
a Superman run that eventually ruins
everything eventually well it's in it
sounds like he's gonna he's gonna start
really strong look get those first
things like like he frequently does yeah
those first 10 issues of the new
Superman I bet are gonna be fucking
amazing and then something's gonna
happen because that guy cannot live
unless there's a crisis happening fuckin
Bendis he makes good stuff but then
ruins quickly
I hope he doesn't kill Clark's kid oh it
might not be him you know that's gonna
happen sooner or later
you think they're gonna let Superman
have a kid what do you think they're not
gonna revert to the status quo at some
point Peter Parker couldn't even keep a
job
DC's DC's specialty is fucking
destroying the rome universe because
they want to revert to a new status quo
you can't counter any kind of character
development no unless it's a power
unless it's a superpower usually
sometimes superpowers stay right do you
think Superman's kid is going to stay in
one universe somewhere but no no Satan
is gonna undo it sooner or later whose
DC safe is it just Satan or his heir
he's gonna come and undo it
we have Mustafa leave something
something they got something I'm sure
his Ravens dad
oh yeah he might be the king of demons
he might be young I might be Satan he
might be actual Satan
he's great in Teen Titans go remember
readership for DC has never recovered
since the death and return of Superman
25 years ago that is less than ooh at
the death of the Superman more than has
to do with the the death of the epic
book industry yeah and that's not that
story's fault I didn't help remember
also the the the real thing that quote
unquote killed comics wasn't even what
killed comics people only say comics
died because for a while they were the
comic industry was artificially inflated
due to the speculator market comics have
always been an incredibly small industry
but then some kids sold his issue of
Superman for $100,000 yeah and everybody
thought comic books were going to be an
investment and they weren't and they
were when you make a million copies of
something it's gonna be worth nothing
right and so then the the industry was
artificially inflated yes and then when
everyone realized it was a bad
investment it just went back to where it
was but now it's a Hugh is everything
with huge loss
somebody's pointing out that it'd be
much quicker just to put those directly
in the
I had a flow I had I had my I had my put
things in the bin flow you know I didn't
even I got I got cleaning tunnel vision
rich and you're absolutely right
whoever pointed that out thank you but a
little cleaning tunnel vision there
just doing good spider-man hologram
covers were cool they also in lated the
price of the comic book five times and
held crash the industry yay crash the
industry I don't think they well yeah no
like I said I think comic books have
always been a niche market and therefore
a little bit they thought they could go
mainstream and they really didn't and
even now when the biggest movies in the
world are comic-book movies still not a
lot of people care about comic books and
that's an okay thing they're just always
gonna be at this level and we have to be
comfortable with that but Batman still
has Damian
yeah but here's the thing when when the
writers get sick of Damian it's okay for
Batman to neglect his kids he has a
pattern they can get away with that with
Batman yeah when when the writers don't
want Superman have a kid they're gonna
have to erase them yeah Superman is kind
of a good guy well at least he should be
and
so yeah he can't he can't pull a Dick
Grayson and just you know leaving
leaving for his own
oh you're a jumpy oh no I'm gonna need
you later
nice nice Damien has taken over Faraj in
the Batman Beyond chunks that makes
sense I never liked the I I can't like I
said I'm not allowed to complain because
I don't read comic books right but I
never brush like the idea of Damian
Wayne anyway
he was the Damian Wayne for anyone who
doesn't know Damian Wayne was the
unknown child of Bruce Wayne and Todd
Talia al Ghul
I don't like Talia al Ghul enjoy oh I
hate that pairing okay like like Batman
in a relationship with the accomplice to
a genocide on maniac I don't see it I
don't see it yeah yeah yeah I'm with it
it's off-putting
to tell you how cool not one of my
favorite characters well in some stories
have she has she been kind of like
against her father that's strong enough
Smith wants to kill millions of people
yeah oh right right Oh
yeah but I could I could see the case
for like you know Bruce joined me and
together we can slowly we can slowly
change the way right I don't
I agree she's not the best I don't know
if there necessarily is the best for
Batman
as you know
a big sack of sad
not Batman is Marian Catwoman another
change that won't stick around what did
I call me help what did I call lash
dream I don't remember I want to say I
think I called six months yeah or six
issues Yessica Lee I called by it by the
sixth issue that relationship will be
done it's just a better match for him
than I am gone but not not gonna last
no nothing good lasts nothing can last
great
and that's fine three different comics
haters Batman is marrying Catwoman after
having a relationship with Batgirl I
guarantee he will eventually having a
relationship of Harley oh that would be
the worst that would be the worst in the
new movie doesn't hardly fuck Robin what
in the in the cartoon movies oh I don't
know
yeah I've seen it the the movie Harley
Quinn and Batman like Harley fucks Robin
wait did Batman haven't released to a
Becker Oh in the comics they could just
be referencing The Killing Joke cartoon
yeah that's that's my question
that's my question did Batman have a
relationship with Becker on the comments
or is that just a cartoon
killing Joker that doesn't count all
right a different thing
are you done no you don't have to be
but I am Joe faggot doughnut says Joe
with bag of donors
please don't like Geoff please don't let
Jack pick any more games yay too bad too
bad
fuck I'm here I'm part of the team you
can't stop that bit you one says guys
this is way better than cereal cleaner
protip you can activate a turbo cleaning
mode which decreased your speed by a
hundred fifty percent by pressing alt f4
keep up the good work I know that joke
by the way
I know the alt f4 Joe I'm aware of that
Joe you know why because I'm on the
internet and I see things on the
internet so that joke does not work on
me friend and I don't appreciate it alt
f4 closes the game I know that because I
know it all type forgoes you think I am
some some some some everyday rube
I'm having a great time actually playing
this game so it is because it is like he
is it's just cleaning your house but
that's why I would have been amused
briefly yeah I'd be over it by now this
this ticks all the right all the right
marks for me it's just ticks all the
right marks for me
easy peasy japanesey says check what up
I know if you were a fan of Team
Fortress 2 I am do you prefer the cast
of Team Fortress 2 or overwatch I
personally I personally Grant Lee before
a tf2 because I feel as if overwatch
takes itself too seriously but how do
you feel we just have to seriously you
know I I think what you have here is two
very different worlds is it yes they
overwatch does take itself a little more
seriously but I'm also okay with them
overwatch I would say actually has
characters whereas tf2 has caricatures
which is and both are fine I think both
have a place but I would never call the
heavy a character he's he's a you know
he's a he's a joke he's a he's a comedy
sketch all the characters on tf2 are is
both established and free how the fuck
did overwatch overtake them by doing the
same exact thing and charging $60 for it
right one new game by blizzards that I
had all this publicity too
tf2 has been out of regular development
for a year and and valve implemented a
policy of letting the community
handle it okay so valve said you know oh
you can vote on new maps and you can
vote on new items and the community's
gonna handle it all and we're gonna
we're gonna outsource the entire game to
the community and you know what happened
people stopped playing because as it
turns out people like moderation and
people like you know creators creating
content and so overwatch came around and
said hey we're gonna make the game we're
gonna continue to develop a game and
we're gonna continue adding stuff to the
game and people thought that was worth
it and as someone who has switched to
overwatch I can tell you that yes yes it
is it's nice that if if a hero is
overpowered knowing that there is a team
constantly working on bouncing that chip
that is really nice well once you have
everything balanced you really need the
team working one ship well then they
were can work on new maps then they can
work on new content
that's when they get to work on other
shit that needs to be balanced and
reworks after the $60.00 to own the
games other is there is there other way
they get their hands in your wallet yeah
they can they they have loot boxes and
in-game currency and it's all cosmetic
it's in none of it is pay2win but it
still kind of makes me sick
oh yeah I know it's still loot boxes and
it's bad we've had this conversation
about overwatch before which is they are
they are preying on people who might
have gambling addictions and they are
making a ton of money from there making
a ridiculous amount of money from loot
boxes to hats tf2 was free tf2 though
also had loot boxes but it was free at
least the base game was free yes that's
true
mister charging $60 and then throwing
the loot boxes in my face would make me
sick
lube boxes are optional the cuffs dunk
up rocket League rocket League by the
way oh and rocket League is extra worse
because like no matter what you always
have to buy a key in tf2 there was a way
to grind for keys I was supporting
rocket League when every now and then
they'd release new stuff yeah but you'd
be able to buy the thing you wanted oh
that's a neat car yeah I can buy that
car for apartment no it's you know it's
a what is it a five bucks for a crate
and a 2% chance of getting the car you
want and I don't give them money anymore
I used to just like supporting them
because they made a good game
okay they they pissed that away yes
Oh grab the fucking you yeah I agreed
agreed I don't even give money for DLC
anymore that I think I might want like
they they recently had the DC
superheroes DLC with like Oh
Burton's Batmobile as a car like I like
it but yeah no no I don't want it that
bad these boxes are the way of the
future and I don't much care for it
ma'am yeah oh the battlefront - got rid
of theirs yeah yeah because of all of it
because of low sales it didn't come back
it didn't come back yeah they've
officially unlocked everything in the
game oh hey it's just there now victory
yep we'll be enough to salvage that game
dishonored probably not tonight
we're doing this you guys I am seriously
really into this I am not joking at all
I kind of love this I I am dangerously
close to having at very least the first
floor clean and I am super into this
oh no I'm hearing some people saying
Battlefront to drop loot Bronx's back
and other people saying no they haven't
no they haven't that that an article
just came out saying that they've
unlocked everything okay so unless
unless it happened really really soon to
talk about these games that would be fun
to watch that's a mistake
I don't know Carol that's a good idea
talk about all these games have been fun
to watch just play I get it get it
this is what I'm playing it's spring
cleaning
so dankus of will says pitch for you
guys
hey Jimmy the Scott Jordan and Dawn
beverage buddy-cop movie I love the nice
guys it's nice to see the nice guys Sam
black I feel only too much crazy I can't
be cops
Jimmy the who they can't be cops who's
the other guy the slot machine guy I
didn't see that oh you didn't I
I've heard I don't even know if I gotta
round up maybe need to watch the episode
I don't even know if I watch that
episode I mean I wasn't in it so I
didn't care the the fucking the fucking
edged weapons episode you know what I
don't know if I saw that episode
because you guys you guys we filmed
something right afterwards and you guys
were just talking about it so much I
just felt like I did I don't know if I
saw that episode surviving edged weapons
is the best thing it's the best thing I
I we have ever seen rich you like you
guys talked to my ear off about it
afterwards it's the best thing we've
ever seen
I'm sorry I don't know if I saw that
episode that wasn't facepalm that was
horror when it's the mouth that's worth
I knew so I need to do that yeah I need
to go watch that episode soon yeah or
they'll just take our copy of surviving
edged weapon it's amazing I'd probably
rather I think like my call is I'm going
to dispose of the nuclear waste
it's my official MC Lucas says Jack you
just a spot
I miss a couple spots I know you're
being funny but I'm being serious
if u s-- noticed there's a bunch of wall
spots which I didn't think I'd be able
to get to but there is a jump o matic
machine right here so I'm just kind of
getting the base layer clean and then
I'm gonna work on yeah so I still have a
little bit to go here but I think we're
making great progress I'm really excited
about this oh here's another flash drive
what's the deal with the flash drives I
don't know but they have names floating
over them so I've been keeping a pile
are these patreon supporters
I don't know just been keeping a little
yeah see like there's response up there
I need to clean still so we got it
there's a little bit of work ahead of us
but I know what to do now think put
flash drives in the machine and you
dirty Birds 70 I burnt one unfortunately
which apparently was a big no-no okay
apparently if you collect them all maybe
already burnt one and there's nothing I
can do about that
1,000 close people watching this sad
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
wildlife interest industry says now this
is spring cleaning
if it if it weren't for loot boxes you'd
be paying one hundred and twenty dollars
perfect uh no they would do both do you
think do you think they're they're ever
gonna give up their little gambling
magic money their fountain of free money
no they could lobby
yeah no it's either in loot boxes or
recharge bar we'll just charge more for
the games do you think the loot boxes
won't just creep right back in any way
and then you're paying $120 for the game
and the loot crate's think about it for
a second like this is this is the same
bullshit that they pull with with
anything no no we had we have to do this
we we had we had to automate this system
because of minimum wage you know
bullshit you've automated the system
because it's more profitable no loot
boxes are so profitable to them they're
never living never ever ever never ever
even if they have to sell their games
only in Vegas
getting brainwashed kid
i compute or it will probably get
legislated away at some point now big
corporations they don't get things
legislated away they just they just hire
enough lobbyists so they buy their way
to whatever they want hey have you been
to America recently the people who
control this country aren't going to
make things harder on themselves
if the government cared about the
public's interest and and not corporate
interests gun control wouldn't be an
issue that's true rich shit that's true
rich preach it gee what can we do that
would save a whole lot of lives
oh it's gonna hurt somebody's bottom
line you know freedom free Jen freedom
Jack Jack Jack you know that you know
even if they ban guns the bad people
they're just gonna find other ways to
commit they have yeah look at what
happened in Austin absolutely I mean how
many people did he kill oh just two yeah
over the over the span of weeks
oh just two yeah oh yeah over over it
over the span of weeks because as it
turns out it's it's really hard to get
all the pieces to make bombs you see and
I you know I just assumed it'd be way
more right but basically if he would
have just gone into any store to buy a
gun he could have he could have done 10
times that damage in minutes see really
that just means that he was ill-prepared
not hard to make bombs Jack Jesus fuck
we're you're missing you're missing the
point the point is that the yes because
criminals totally respect gun laws rich
take a look at any country that has
reasonable gun control laws and tell me
how many fucking homicides happen though
does they're criminals respect the gun
laws it happens here yeah listen to rich
she's kind of preaching kind of
preaching it
just wish it wouldn't be such an sjw
about this rich no no he's sorry he's in
a mood he's not ready for that yet
all right moving on preaching moving on
you make the whole stream about that oh
come on
that's not nice body parts valiums lunch
ad says what would you think about retro
actively using the Sam Raimi's
spider-man in the MCU I would hate it
because the new spider-man is amazing
and and fucking gob didn't like Tobey
Tobey Maguire sucked yeah I said Tony
Stark getting Tom Holland he goes and
finds a retired spider-man that is
called back into action I would hate
that because I don't like the Sam Raimi
spider-man and I kind of loved the new
spider-man so weight in your idea is
this in this world there was another
spider-man or just undo a homecoming in
Civil War I don't know that seems like
oh that basically that seems like a lot
of unnecessary dialogue like ex
expository dialogue bed that I think we
could do without
yeah and Tom Holland is great and
spider-man homecoming is great so I
don't want to undo any of that
one vitamin two is so good and so is
homecoming Oh
homecoming has a better spider-man
listen yeah rich doesn't like Toby I
hate him I will absolutely defend Raimi
spider-man's
a spider-man 2 is a great movie
I think toby is exactly I think Toby was
right for you know Sam Raimi's
spider-man spider-man homecoming is the
best spider-man movie hands down no like
I'm not disrespecting Raimi spider-man's
and I love Raimi spider-man homecoming
is the best spider-man
yeah we can't we can it's math man
that's it's just the way it is there's
no going there's no going around
a stupid thing about guns chain the sub
change the subject before responding to
criticism what what's the criticism
what's your criticism I just want school
kids not to get shot man rich I don't
know that seems like a really harsh
thing I I know I know I know they don't
have mass shootings in in in England
that's true I know that's thing that
doesn't happen there yeah that's a
uniquely American thing mass shootings
that's what we got
you know French has of French people I
get nice food I know
Japanese people have Technology big
technology we have we have mass
shootings I'd like to not be known for
that
nice throw my mom
and I know it's up there
the Brandt's head the nightclub
shootings does it happen every week
does it happen every week you hear about
a new mass shooting to the point now
where the times I just don't know about
them before they've gone through the
news cycles true it does not it does not
happen with the same frequency anywhere
else no no but that one time
yeah France also had World War two so
you know that one time so it's all equal
but this amount okay enjoy your echo
chamber man
I tried to move on you wanted to keep
talking about it now you're leaving oh
oh how weird he was just ready to call
you out yeah yeah oh yeah we're gonna
shut it down but now
oh oh there's anonymous s how do I get
up there to rich and Jack just saw some
of your recent Dead Rising videos here's
my pitch for a new game classic
mechanics from 1 & 2 but the setting
story characters is a wet hot American
summer crossover I'm sorry say that
again because I'm interested you're rich
and Jack yeah just us just saw some of
your recent dead rising things okay
here's my pitch for a new game classic
mechanics from 1 & 2 but the setting
story and characters is a wet hot
American summer crossover so what had
American summer Dead Rising them
interesting I'm less familiar with what
happens somebody you want so this is
actually a Jack question I'm just trying
to think of how they would incorporate
wet hot American you know jambe game
right I hate to be like basically are
you just saying you want David Wain to
rewrite a zombie game which could also
be really fun
use the lifter Jack I head it's here but
I can't move it can I don't know the
probably controls on it to move around
right again is the control panel on the
thing let you move no I lifted it up but
now it's dammit well Oh what it said it
was damaged
oh look at this oh that's that's wonky
controls I get it I get it
don't worry buddy I got it Jo it's
jammed
why are you Jim
well shit this is this changes
everything
it's changer you know this says ultime
sir do you know that right
I did for the world Lejeune I did I've
seen the Marvel trailers it's even
changing your
it's changing the last time
yo kitty double-o ones hey guys thought
it was the last time I would have
changed together in Man of Steel
Superman did destroy businesses and did
destroy people yes I'm beverage was
right
I'm beverage is a man ahead of his time
different person just someone someone
realize that do it or two people have
the same joke I don't know that's very
possible
captain Providence's hey jackhammer
captain president give it to me straight
as Batman's poop half guano Thanks
Nobby this is just a man more in the
back sir not natural rather silly
question I like it when they make silly
it does fill me with glee when they talk
silly yeah I have a problem I have a
real problem
yeah I have several problems this is my
current problem I'm working on it though
you know I'm trying I'm trying stuff
kind of work you ready Elmo Ruru says
check and rich I was listening to you
guys play cleanup detail little I was
listening to you guys play cleaning yeah
I was listening to you guys play cleanup
detail while at it was hilarious and
helped me get through the fact that I
was at Walmart love you guys keep up the
fun of us you know we do our best we try
thought of mousetrap says the Catwoman
Batman relationship has been going on
for a while now though but I think jack
is right and it's doing where can the
story go that it hasn't gone before I
also said it was doomed when I put it
well I gave a specific time oh yeah I
put I put myself out there rich I also
said it was - it's on the reboot agenda
oh yeah
you know the the great thing about
Catwoman and Batman is the t's you know
they who you know they want it but
they're from different worlds that can
never be that's part of the fun once you
remove the t's then you know what
they're just
what are they gonna argue about what are
they gonna argue about it's not like
they're ever gonna have money problems
summit lick says tell everyone who's
complaining to get their own twitch
stream basically
ooh future future Jay says oh my
goodness politics in a stream here's two
bucks for sharing your thoughts thank
you welcome
every once in a while right talk about
what's going on and unfortunately what's
going out of some bullshit
I wasn't relatively more Pro guns in the
past I was I thought you know the Second
Amendment it's that's a slippery slope
where do we go from there wait I'm sorry
you were relatively pro guns
once upon a time once upon a time in the
recent recent past meaning what I I
don't understand what being pro guns I
mean as as someone who's pro guns I'm
not I'm saying it's not in favor of
bands oh okay sure sure yeah but I just
it's just too much we've been shooting
every other every other fucking week
yeah yeah it's it's too much it's a real
problem
it's a real pro no I'm with you you know
and I I really I really think there is I
really think there is sensible gun
legislation to be had and for some for
some and I'm gonna say for some reason
when everyone knows what the reason is
but they have put this this absolute
deadlock on any come
music if your method fuck you can't get
up there
they they they put this deadlock on any
even reasonable conversation about
sensible gun regulation and that's the
real shit you know come on let's it
let's at least talk oh my god Rick stop
why what's so terrible about what I've
said
how do people freak out when they
realize they're not in the echo chamber
uh part of it it might not be that rich
part of it you know we at we are an
entertainment and so some people might
just you know come here to get away from
that that could be our our job but it's
you know again it is kind of what's
happening in the world so we're just
going to talk about what's happening
sometimes we're just gonna talk about
what's happening guys and that might
mean politics sometimes but that's okay
you know why this is the base station
it's gonna get different area of the
same area yeah Oh up here
doom guy must have had a generality you
should have brought more buckets I'm
really hope like I'm gonna have to go
back for a another water bucket
definitely I mean maybe but it's gonna
be manageable body parts first because
they create more blood that's that's
number one the the real shit is if I
spill any of these buckets down there
yeah that's that's where the real shit
begins
slam-dunking maxine 1:20 says hello jack
and rich what is the weirdest thing that
any one fan or not said me and what was
your reaction
thanks also rich when mega punch pokemon
part two Jack Dawson AFI the band the
Pokemon ring did we lose the save files
for that you're suing we did oh they
might be on this computer okay
I don't actually know I think we've lost
the save files to continue that I don't
either would that's a real possibility
what is AFI that's a band they I believe
that they would be probably described as
an emo or possibly screamo band I've
heard of them I would really like it if
they all stayed in the bucket though
because if they don't it's gonna create
a really big mess and a flash drive all
right
don't you do it don't you do it
you did it fucker you did it oh well you
know I'm gonna turn I'm gonna turn this
negative into a positive up it some
items all right well we got all the big
bits this is gonna be a - tripper I was
really hoping take care of this slow and
steady rich but fine
oh my god you did not trail footprints
all over the place yeah I know I see
it's fine I told you I don't know how
that didn't happen they're probably
they're probably all by the the card
over there okay okay keep going more
buckets more water body parts AFI I've
probably heard them back in the day when
I was listening for like punk rock and
emo music but I'm kind of lost for what
they sound like now so I'm sorry I I
went through a pretty pretty big punk
emo phase a lot a lot of that style of
music
sorry head
it's been a bit tiny spot or something
next to the ball no everyone's wow that
looks like something yeah not all right
all right that has come up a couple
times before it think I want to bring an
extra bucket of water you have more
chunks that fell out out there no other
outcomes have got garbage - yeah we're
gonna find out one outcome at a time
because if hey I'm done after this alko
I'm really hoping that this is the only
bloody alcove yes this appears to be the
only bloody alcove as you can see
room clean
to you
oh I don't have a break though oh this
time took me all the way up gives you
like random pipes
right the empty one too
I know and it disintegrates stuff I
don't well might as well hop a little
bit while I'm up here
be smart about this
there we go
there we go now now we are cleaning it
disintegrates yes
we needed that what do you know you've
done that's a great question
that is a great question I assume when
you've cleaned everything I'll let you
get a little blue boots or something I
don't know I really I honestly have not
thought that far ahead
I'm not a space station terrestrial or
maybe yeah we're on a planet that just
you know looks earth-like you can leave
it any time and it's so sure how close
you were to close it walk out go to
school okay
the game doesn't tell you when you are
100% clean oh we're just gonna do the
best we can
you guys go down I'll meet you know
jumping this is spot the floor I mean
I'm flora under the bucket no I gotta go
no this is bottom of the bucket I saw I
got it all
as in 1984 says hey jacket rich rich
great job destroying the blood star
feast lastly I'm at that island on Bo TW
that strips you naked and I beat it
yeah that's going hard but satisfying
afterwards keep up the great job welcome
thank you yeah that was a fun little
diversion invested a breath of the worst
sorry like a poof
captain President says hey rich I for
one am highly entertained by your
political talks yeah so you do you sir
non sequitur but do your Jack happen to
watch any TED talks they are interesting
albeit rather short um or than we've
seen a few but not that really you know
I remember I remember one TED talks were
a big deal like they only help you know
they only held them once a year and it
was like you know people dying to get in
but now now it's turned into its own TV
network and there are there are just
like hobos giving TED talks on how to
sew your own quilt out of Dunkin Donuts
wrappers like I watch the TED talk the
other day and it was some guys talking
about like how we dry our hands when we
go to the bathroom in a public restroom
that's what his TED talk was about right
yeah and and you know it was basically
like we waste paper we use too much
paper
drawing our hands at public restroom so
here's the proper way to do it and it
was interesting and you know I now know
the proper ways - oh what's wait wait
what's up there know them no I have the
might of an another alchemy to walk up
what should be horrible yeah no I don't
think any of these other outcomes have
any at least I'm gonna assume they don't
because I don't wanna move this thing
anymore but I could not spend this much
time I think I could play this for a few
more hours easily I'm in the zone
oh my god I am I like I I'm not even
busting out the special surprise maybe
I'll help these people with it before we
leave
oh I wanted to check out that laser gun
does that really get rid of bullet holes
hold it on the hopeful
it does look like yes it does clean fix
bullet holes that's genius rich that is
fucking genius
fix the bullet holes make more mess but
then you fix the bullet hole so wait
this is the own hold it down for so long
gonna go got that now
it's like now I need to fix a few more
bullet holes just to take care of the
mess I made to get my score a little bit
better to hold down for enough to fix
the bullet hole but not enough to start
a fight
you already had it oh you know I was
looking at that thing
oh that thing looked like a bullet hole
I'd say I thought they would
arey all right all right so I can log
out
I can clock off and head before the
staffroom wildlife industries wants to
jack what bands are you listening to
right now on the way over here I was
listening to a band called dream system
8 yeah dream system 8 what it is the the
the music editor for shows like stranger
things and American Horror Story not the
music maker the music editor yeah the
guy who we like you know mixed the music
with the the the dialogue you know like
the the music mixer fell in love with
the soundtrack to stranger things so he
bought a bunch of electronic equipment
and hired a singer to write him some
songs and it's just it's just fucking
gorgeous
this doesn't get flags it's just like
it's very stranger things II will to
upbeat it's fine I think it's great I
think it's great they want you to saved
first by the way oh shit save this
entire time no you haven't
this all could have been for naught
turn to staffer okay
where does it tell me how a good I did
clock out I guess you did the wrong
thing you just went back to the menu
there's a clock thing in the game it's a
load of the game
start work there's a clock out I don't
know where it is
chef Ditka says hey rich the bloodborne
got Evans and Jack with all this talk
about guns and politics let's get to
what really matters what upcoming games
you looking forward to lol
suck me fart I don't even know what's
coming out what's coming up I don't even
know what's gonna okay
my options here are leave which says oh
wait if you hover over leave it says
clock off and head to the staff room
that's on the map there's a map I mean
it's in the maps by the door what's by
the door behind you I saw some stuff
over here yes it's on the map I probably
mean in the map in the game map imagine
it's by the door behind you that would
make sense
try the other side
something about that
others down all the way down the hall
chat where is that
right please swipe your card and pull
the tank oh here we go punch out
as your janitorial work here met the
requirements of the company as well as
your own high personal standards I wish
I could do more for my company
give me some paperwork to fill out for
extra marks I am proud of my performance
and certain it will make meet with
approval I am proud of my brothers a
certain will me to approval oh ok though
there's a checking out procedure
punching out procedure D moded you
return to your office after doing the
barest minimum asked of you you know
you're going to get some hard ass
inspector complain about your work
leaving you without any safety equipment
but do you care you said instead to
crack up on a fat man and watch some
alien porn on your bitter man 500 it
doesn't give me a oh this is my office
oh okay here it is 84% to ours 84%
we want an office here oh yeah good good
I'm not gonna lie
kind of want to get a hundo percent Oh
on this next time I've done oh look
there's another room okay that's fair
yeah we'll just leave it yeah we'll find
a nice picture to leave it on as we read
names radio that's good
okie dokie
now is the point of this room in which
we thank all those people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
oh hey look it's the chat how'd you get
over there nope hey Chad how did you get
over there here we go
alright let's thank all the people who
subscribe to us during this very stream
much like voodoo mama guns they are 77
for twenty six fuckin months in Rome
long live the chief and long-lived
prereq bed wetter media one beer coaster
for 18 months in a row dosmo pizzo let
me dog one Brown mace brownies brownies
I think heliosphere 1969 for 22 fucking
months in a row farmer phillips who says
it's been six months and i finally
figured out how to add a message cheers
thanks pink old Redis to get it you get
it right on penis quaver or twaf a
schhwaff schhwaff I think sooner Achmed
turn back Twitter lemak names are hard
and you guys have weird names Stormwatch
21 generic german gamer gaming unicorn
who says hi guys just wanted to say keep
up the good work cleaning and keep up
the good cleaning mister I love the ants
ace says faith first day of spring my
ass I mean it's kind of the first day
well today's the second day of spring
it's pretty it was pretty cold today so
technically I think technically
technically we'll go back to real games
next week but Kerr wise I'm switch app
said it's my two-month anniversary so
here's my message it wants me to type
huzzah
smoothie my crickets my good karma
legend be no total lamerz who says I'm
sure you're both totally comic booked
out and you've talked about it already
but watched any of the Netflix series Oh
any of the comic book Netflix series I
was waiting for
I just watched Jessica Jones season
wanted to and appreciate the different
tone in lower stakes compared to the
movies absolutely well I talked about
this a little bit fun the other day I
think Jessica Jones is top is tougher
than top of the marks as far as the
Netflix Marvel shows go Android
daredevil I mean Evan watch should have
many other ones daredevil was fine that
was good Neville was fine daredevil
season 1 is right up there man daredevil
season 1 is good action schlock but
Jessica Jones is actually trying to you
know say something and I dig that and I
don't know about everyone else but I am
NOT comic-book tout yeah I'm not I don't
know if I'll ever be machine gun funk
for twenty three fucking months in a row
you know why rich I love sci-fi yeah and
I love action yeah and that's all a
comic book is it's just sci-fi action
kind of ever I prove everyone well
except for Batman I guess but even heavy
Bill's gadgets Doctor Strange is that
sci-fi action of course this mystical
artsy shit this is sci fi ennas imagined
fantasy fantasy action it's me
well I also I'm not a big fan of dr.
strange or enough or no when they get
into out there with uh with the gods and
the powers machine oh boy you did that
one Ben Vereen turn smullins 13 months
in a row says thanks for way more than
13 months of entertainment you fucks
gentlemen bears for 12 months in a row
who says holy shit 12 months what the
fuck am i doing apparently having proper
manners and dressing appropriately in
the woods gutter stars 4:27 fuck you
months in a row sent a cute little
smiley face thing is very cute
emblematic pop who says if you like
synth power pop funk from outer space
listen to sir video thanks my little
whopper buttons Justin killer ear yeah
yeah
molecular Lionel molecular Lionel is
probably pronounced molecular Lionel
I'll pack a death trap for thirteen
months in a row bandhas McManus McManus
Shanahan 1897 for 13 months in row says
you frauds took all my money
thanks for the laugh gentlemen I
appreciate it we do what we can
reanimated bit McNutt burns 182 says
Jack fellow left4dead fan I must tell
you to try the three player co-op event
outbreak currently on Rainbow six siege
and April 3rd and I have no idea why
streaming with rich and take one of us
along for the ride you will not regret
it
I might regret
let's get Eddie to rumble for 17 months
in a row 17 months one does the fucking
happen a few Blonsky bros says 10 months
is almost a year but it's not quints
omni egg who says woot whoa whoa
oh my guest 27 Angelis Val says my
hammer dealt the finishing blow on her
is what I just came in to love this
channel I'll find that later I'll find
that later
where are you unless you're the third
there we go more bows 1004 18 months in
a row disco general Georgy 17 891 sir
zdenka tha's wale says move over Apollo
13 there's a new Ron Howard space movie
in the house that's good it's gonna be
interesting no sorry but it was a
different movie at one point oh no no
the movie is gonna suck yeah the
behind-the-scenes drama as it unfolds is
going to be interesting wonder if you
hear about it yeah that'd be nice
that's what I'm saying doo-doo-doo-doo
true
Xenu David oh sorry for 12 months in a
row who says Wow one year I thought it
lapsed and got a love twitch Primus
student rate everyone subscribe it's
free you fucks David I know people
bugbear one custo del Mui 90 ya B KJ
Studio atomic leg might be Lich yeah
Mattia man Wow
gens 7 to 8 - Don Buckwald beat that
game took a brash says yes and months
can't wait to see what you fucks clean
next so many so many cleanings Emma
Ruru ago ray I go rhyme I think nice
yeah
Congo jack Tunney fresh 1 1 7 the end
hero auto jest for 18 months in a row
just love the stream keep on keepin on
Jack I am a zenyatta man mean oh that's
a harsh thing yeah but I recently
started playing doom fist he walks the
razor's edge but when you start landing
the combo it feels great
I've heard you know whenever whenever
it's a overwatch does this really great
thing as well it's searching for a game
for you to join if it takes too long it
just kind of dumps you in a empty place
and you can run around as a character
and play around and whenever I'm in that
area I always pick doom fists to
practice very interesting character I
don't have them down yet but yeah I
agree
doom fist has a it could be a lot of fun
bees in my eyes a Pickler tickler at
pylon
Walt hisin beard for 42 motherfucking
months in a row who says as Dave
Chappelle said in his recent Netflix
special speak freely speak recklessly or
my kids might never know what that means
speak freely speak recklessly or my kids
might never know what that means
I don't understand that quote out of
context but while plies and beard says
thank you rich you want them you're
welcome
writes it and I say wait wait what 64
it's just the controller is they
supposed to bring the whole game yeah
we're playing Diddy Kong
