Feb 9, 2018
Dead Rising 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/227554967
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/227555449
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/227555708
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-OT_JZ5s1Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZd9Rr7LNkk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoCCgidqLxc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/962062737806303233

[Part I]
I don't know I don't know man
how's everyone doing how's how's
everybody doing today I'm tired I'm
doing this anyway what I'm tired I was
originally my original plan was to do
this at about 12:30 meeting more risk
than realistically one today but nature
decided to dump a fuckload of snow on my
head last night so uh yeah it sucked
sorry new game
what's wrong with the camp Oh
yeah there we go there's a cam random
random red stream oh I can't wait Clyde
perk up fuckin fuckin snow it won't stop
it won't stop sighs snowed what five
times this week snow day today it's I'm
gonna be focused on the game because I'm
I'm trying to do this absolutely
perfectly like I want to get Katy I
definitely intend to get like if I fail
to get the best ending if I fail a main
story quests I'm gonna consider this
done so that's that's first priority and
to all the main story shit second
priority save all of the people all of
the people that I can save there's some
you can third I don't I don't I don't I
don't know about this one though
complete all of the like survivor
request like after you save somebody
evil they'll come to you later
I need this to that and then you got to
go get them Lister that
the fuck Stuart I was kind of a freak
thing last time Stuart dying all right
nobody's gonna care or remember this
last last my last no death run attempt
Stuart one of the survivors died and I
claimed that I put a little stay here
marker down on the ground so he would
stay in a safe spot while I went to get
him a health item instead he followed me
I went back I looked at the footage and
I do look down at the ground because I
remember doing it I looked down to the
ground and I hit the button to put the
stay there marker down but just I think
coincidentally at the same time I hit
that button a different character joined
join my little group join my party and
that message popped up and I think that
cancelled out my little my little stay
there marker as I see where I look down
I remember doing it I wasn't an idiot
like Stuart Stuart slow inhale stay here
where it's safe Stuart I remember going
to do that
how's the volume on everything is the
volume on everything good is that rising
to about family very much so actually
voice volume good what about what about
game volume I kind of want the game
volume to be well I'm a little bit mom
what am i not love a game volume to be a
bit higher because it's so low stream we
don't always talk about much would you
ever tried Dead Rising 3 on here
yeah maybe I tried Dead Rising 3 and I
got about halfway through it and I just
don't care to finish it feels nothing
like a dead rising Dave the people who
made Dead Rising 3 obviously hated Dead
Rising 1 & 2 and they just started
throwing out things I liked about the
first two
right time to almost literally mow down
zombies screw you Leon
you see me play this before you know
what's going on I'm getting points for
killing the zombies with the balloons
attached to them it's not really
competitive in this little early
single-player sequence but originally
this is a whole multiplayer component of
the game but I don't think anybody plays
this anymore online multiplayer and I
never really did anyway because I'm not
a multiplayer game like I played dead
rising for the single-player experience
so I don't I don't think you can enjoy
any of the multiplayer games anymore
that rising three just became a bit too
simple for me Dead Rising 3 they thought
the focus of the series was killing
zombies like obviously you kill a lot of
zombies but they focused on the
shallowest thing
goofy weapons got the weapons just kill
zombies forever that's nice for time
waster in these games it's fun but
there's so much more to Dead Rising 1 &
2
Capcom laid off about 50 people from the
studio responsible for Dead Rising 2 3 &
4
well yeah there Capcom's probably done
with them now since dead rising 4 tanked
that's that's not shocking at all you
you can expect to hear about them
closing soon after well they'll probably
have them make like some kind of cheap
game like Mega Man Kinect though they'll
shit out something stupid and that won't
sell well either and that'll be the last
thing they do and they will be quietly
closed down
Capcom Vancouver
they actually rained in the scope for
the next Dead Rising game what are you
talking about and what do you mean by
rained in the scope there was some kind
of leak though the there was a kid there
was some gonna leak for what they were
going to do with Dead Rising 5 it
actually all sounds very promising but
here's the thing the league was an
anonymous source on 4chan it means that
that's that's nothing you can't you
can't say well they're doing it they're
definitely doing it it's that's some
sketchy evidence to go on it could be a
legit leak or it could be just some
asshole
how did I die the first time umm I
fucked up on slappy slappy kicked my ass
and he really shouldn't I expect to
dominate slappy this time absolutely
dominate
God Chuck you you you move so slow
compared to level 50 Frank West and Dead
Rising 1 I talked to all the people I
mean I don't really need to talk to
these people this is doing nothing for
me to have this conversation with this
this attractive yet evil woman but in
the racing jacket hurts your eyes well
get used to it I'm not putting on a
silly outfit
goodnight
this game is way easier than the first
but I feel like it's more polished
gameplay-wise
was a lot of Polish in the first game
Dead Rising one has so many details not
saying - doesn't - they they did improve
the path finding of the survivors but
it's like the zombies almost never grab
them and it doesn't it doesn't feel like
they have personalities at least not the
way they behave in game Dead Rising one
you would get you against survivors who
were terrified and because they were
terrified they were much harder to
escort
and I want to note that the reason I
don't mind the difficult survivor
escorts in Dead Rising 1 is because
unlike a lot of escort missions in video
games the Dead Rising at least no one
and two well the ones that still had
escort missions they were 100% optional
and you did not get a game over if the
person you're escorting got away
sure waste of my time and I do it any
differently like normally in a game when
you're escorting somebody and they die
and you get a game over that sucks
but Dead Rising 1 they just die and you
keep playing
I have not beat the third-level
in slave the spire I haven't gotten past
the second is this for real
like for real for real no you're
daydreaming Dead Rising rewarded you for
a successful escort most games punishing
for an unsuccessful escort that is very
true that is that is very that is an
excellent way to put that now who said
that who said that who said that
yonder yonder yonder Your Honor that is
fine point
now check out the server
which is pleased with you younger
younger yeah that you under you under
put it very they phrase it perfectly
that's exactly that's exactly what Dead
Rising one did and to but just to a
lesser degree because I know I know
Stuart died last time I tried playing
this was a flu for the most part the
escorts in this are all easier
these are zombies these are infected
look if if you don't bleed to death
after your arm got ripped off because
your heart's not beating and you're not
even really bleeding yeah you're zombie
I don't care if you became a zombie
because of an infection or not but these
are zombies
it's my foot twitching because I'm on
too much I think my foot is twitching
because it's related to my constant need
to fidget and I can
I can't fidget right now so my foots
fidgeting this is what I think is going
on
thought they were mutant wasps that's
what causes the the zombie-ism you
become a zombie because of a parasitic
wasp yes though the third game still
thinks there's a virus I third games
just so dumb
by the way how fucking ridiculous is
case West case west for anybody does
know is the DLC that followed up Dead
Rising 2 and I've never played it for
when it came out on the the xbox360
and I had Dead Rising 2 on the
PlayStation 3 because by that point I
had realized the xbox360 Hardware was
utter garbage and case West the big
gimmick was we're bringing back Frank
West but you can't play as some single
player yeah you can only play as Frank
West co-op and that that killed it for
me right there because I had no
interesting co-op
I had five red rings of death no shit
you are right about the 360 I had three
or maybe it was four and when I had
repaired and then a red ringed again I
no luck with the fucking 360 hardware
and the other reason I kept one you know
I had to have a working one just for
Dead Rising really Dead Rising and the
xbox 360 version of Ninja Gaiden 2 which
had the blood which is what you want out
of Ninja Gaiden 2
just take care of your 360 you moron oh
fuck off now that the hardware was bad
you could take care of a 360 and would
still fuck out you'd still tell you to
fire God it's still red ring it wasn't a
matter of taking care of it it was in a
well ventilated area I bought like a fan
to put underneath it No
Krauss platformers ran on three spinner
on 360 and ps3 usually yeah unless the
360 was red ringed it wasn't working
it was it was better to get the
cross-platform games on the ps3
but should you ever play state of decay
yes I have I liked it though I have
something's missing state of decay feels
like I or yes state of decay
feels like a prototype for a game that
they that they that they intend to flesh
out more but what's there is good
rikta every time I stream this game I
get 50 comments about Dead Rising 2
off-the-record which I'm familiar with I
it's okay I'll say this once I'm gonna
say this is the stream so I don't know
get a hack bot ready for it or something
Dead Rising 2 off the record is fine
it's the beginning of the degradation of
Frank West character though that's when
Capcom thought the character was just
some kind of meme spouting joke so it's
it's nice to get JT rotolo back to voice
Frank West but the character is turning
into a self parody by the time you get
to off-the-record but otherwise it's
fine
what's going on
all right for the for anybody who asked
in the future about Dead Rising off the
record I'm gonna pretend I've never
heard of it okay I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna completely lie and say what what
is that never heard of it in fact I'm
gonna pretend they're making it up just
for fun
trying to roll those seven for the bonus
points
on the one there we go
those up modding modding Frank West's
into dead rising 2 off the record yo
there is four dead rising off the record
there's a mod actually heaven that
imports the Dead Rising 1 Frank West
character model into Dead Rising 2 off
the record that's gonna need how long is
this run take typically a while more
than four a lot more than four probably
looking in look if I don't fuck
something up I'm looking at 10 hours or
more
it's my opinion on time gated games like
Dead Rising I love this series so
obviously I have no issue with it
one hell will sit through I better order
more food well say if I die look this is
a no death run if I die or fuck up the
main story I'm gonna put that on me too
I need I need to finish the main story
then I'm then I'm just done
then it streams over is this the pc
version yes so I am getting what I
assumed was a much better framerate I
know I played I haven't played the the
console version of Dead Rising 2 in a
real long time but I played a few months
ago really couple months Dead Rising 2
case 0 on stream and that was the only
place that's available is on the 360 and
it stood out to me how choppy that is
nice tramp Denise you're getting it
you're gonna crowbar stop take this take
a crowbar alright let's go let's go
Denise you got this
I got orange juice
do a few bad apples make the rlm fanbase
look bad that's that's every fanbase
isn't it oh I don't have a jump kick yet
all right well if you watched my other
attempt at this you know you know where
I'm going and what I'm doing right now
Denise can you just can you just go go
to the places I need you to go there you
go
I may need to pick up another weapon
pickaxe out and doing a pit pinch
wiill cherry I probably could have
grabbed a wheelchair for you can put the
survivor in a wheelchair and then you
can both move faster that way
it's nothing really good if you only got
like one survivor with you maybe I'll
try that with the niece next time live
in Chicago burbs and was repeating your
snow rent in my head the whole time I
was digging myself out of my ting myself
out of my ting myself out of my ting
myself
a driveway today yes yes anybody who
thinks that Oh a hot summer or a hundred
degrees in humid Oh
thinks that's worse you've never had to
dig your car out of a foot of snow and
then chisel ice off of the windshield
all all when it's like 12 degrees
outside and your fingers are numb even
though you're wearing gloves because
it's that fucking cold when it's a
hundred degrees and muggy I can just
walk into the car and turn the air
conditioner on it takes the air
conditioner while the cool the car down
but it also takes the heater a while to
keep the car up in the winter so I still
say if you if you're if you're living in
and the fucking ice and cold that's
worst man it's worse
I think the the high the high
temperature last week was 1616 it's
inhuman if I played Dead Island
I've I think I've played a little bit of
it once first-person melee is just weird
what's my thoughts in state of decay uh
watch the stream 15 minutes ago it's
fine I can't I can't keep repeating
myself no one wants to hear me just
repeat myself constant Denise nope don't
fight the tiger Denise you stay over
there
oh it's head I'm so glad you're easy
Denis is a pretty ballsy chick she's
terrified of hoodie wearing looters but
she'll take on a fucking tiger
I don't have failed my first attempt uh
I done slappy I don't know why I don't
know how boss shouldn't be that hard I
made a much harder than he should have
been
all right snowball
let's do this yep let's take one down
say okay for anybody who did not watch
the last attempt at this and there's no
idea what the fuck I'm doing you can
save the tiger if I feed the tiger
stakes and get his health up he will
become my friend
and I'm trying to save everyone and gosh
darn it I think the tiger counts
died
eat the steak snowflake eat the steak
zip this is a
there I moved too much it distracts her
from eating well I guess I got to keep
the zombies off my ass man snowflake is
the most competent party member you'll
have in this game that is 100% true
someday and now is now is not the time
but someday I need to try and bring
snowflake to a psychopath fight that
would be awesome
you don't need an apple you're fine
just didn't Oh
snowflake
bring snowflake with to the magicians
fight oh my god oh my god just like a
real-life Siegfried and Roy that would
that would just be tasteless I'll have
to do it someday if you if you don't
know who Siegfried and Roy were they
were famous famous magicians and
famously they worked with white tigers
rare white tigers were part of their act
and they they retired after one of the
tigers literally tore out one of their
throats they survived somehow but they
they very nearly died after getting
mauled by a tiger who tried to terrors
throw it out so someday I'm gonna need
to bring snowflake with during the
magician's fight
it's a long time to keep snowflake alive
I know I know it is but that would be
awesome and you know it
damn Denise you're getting you're gonna
caught up a lot
that's unusual Dead Rising 2 behavior I
don't I don't disapprove I'm just saying
it's unusual
why are you running on the the track
that moves the other way you people you
crazy people
I didn't realize so many people hated
Chuck Greene's Jaken I don't I don't
mind this jacket it's this jacket is the
closest this man has to a personality
never seen Denise get caught up so much
this is weird they did they did catch
this to make it more challenging
weird Denise is just having an off day
very much so
that's fine yeah we go I need to pick
something up drive another I got a
stupid Apple that's somethin
this marbles and I'll take a horsey
stick yeah we're set
stick to me
we've entered the quiet portion of the
stream I'm sorry
all right Lonnie were yet we got money
hurry up Lenny get into range Lenny move
too slow Lenny
you know what happens if you come back
without with the Zombrex but without any
survivors of the dialogues any different
like do I never get that cutscene if I
never save anyone
that's an interesting question can you
miss survivors yeah but dealing with the
timer that's part of what's fun about
this game today
survivors are at certain places at
certain times Dead Rising 3 they think
the survivors pop up like the four of
them pop up with the story missions and
so yeah I like this little clockwork
world
nothing like the stress of realizing you
might miss one of them yeah actually yes
look if if missing a survivor meant
failing this story it might be
irritating but it doesn't they're side
missions the game is meant to be
replayed until you perfected no I meant
that it's a good thing okay
it's because of those presents and the
survivors we're already up to level
seven so not bad not bad having to find
Zombrex all the time was kind of tedious
yeah once you know once you know where
to find it
it's not that bad also you're in a
casino finding money isn't that hard so
it's also pretty easy to buy it from the
pawn shops
yes phone I know it's time for Katie's
on books
Wow
Gordon can do better yeah possibly
it's kind of cowardly I don't know if
chicks dig that
so he's pushing the elephant through the
ventilation system yes yes
wish right I sang 14 says I wish they
actually made a cutscene that showed
Sullivan opening the vents and the tiger
coming out followed by the logical blind
panic that would ensue mouse Chuck
calmly tries to explain that he tamed it
with three snakes after killing its
mentally retarded handler you win with
that common
we've been framed for John P zombie
genocide we've been framed this is the
OJ Simpson game we're off to find the
real killer which is funny because the
real killer is kind of the OJ Simpson
has character
there's an O Jay Simpson game that big
that B if I'm using concept a game but
you play as OJ Simpson trying to find
the real killer
some nice sarcasm does anyone considered
the zombies or misunderstood has anyone
tried to talk to them so what's
bothering them there's a survivor later
in this game who brings up that point
what am i grabbing that axe I don't
really need that axe
Oh Jay Simpsons follows the clues and
they all lead back to him all right now
we're gonna make silly goofy combo
weapons that ended up ruining this
series in the long run so they're kind
of okay in this one because they're not
too over-the-top
there's my commentary on the combo
weapons of the series
Jeff it's it's an infection that makes
the Dead come back to life they're still
zombies and I don't know if you can
consider a parasitic as a parasitic wasp
is that still considered an infection if
you're a girl you know you're infested
with a parasite is that the same thing
can you be infected with a parasite I
don't know I don't know enough Bob
proper definition of infected we're
gonna we're gonna get technical
yeah
all right do something I didn't do last
time and I think this ultimately is
gonna help me level up faster which is
good cost me a little bit of time but I
think I'll be worth
oh no run wait wrong wait right into the
crowd tighten it right into the nope
nope nope nope nope nope nope fucking
this up so bad
where's he at you're not by the other
ones get the group I'm fucking well
takes what we get
no blow that was good
no the spike the spike bat honestly
again zombies should be less efficient
because the spikes are only gonna help
help it get caught into the zombies
flesh and you're gonna buy that when
you're when you're busy yanking the back
out of their flesh are gonna be bit by
other zombies so I think the spike bat
would actually make the weapon worse you
just want a normal baseball bat
shut my favorite animator my favorite
anime character is fuck you kids stop
bothering me
are you serious
Goku is the one with a sword right don't
they all have swords
can't hear the game I need to turn the
audio up on the game
Goku is the one who could totally beat
up Superman well it's really easy to
have a character and you just say those
characters were powerful and it's really
easy to write that doesn't make him a
better character though I just invented
a character called jerk man
who's twice as strong as Goku so he
could totally beat up Goku at a fight
jerk man's better
all right straight let's turn some audio
up
like I like Superman as a character but
even though he could totally beat up
spider-man I like spider-man more so
like which character could beat up who I
don't I don't give a shit
DBC is well DBZ is one of the few animes
I watched start-to-finish
isn't Dragon Ball Z literally the same
thing over and over and over and over
again this character is stronger than
Goku Goku needs to get more powerful
they stare at each other for eight
episodes they have a fight Goku wins
here's this new character he's totally
more powerful than Goku Goku 'he's got
to get stronger goku gets stronger they
spent eight episodes literally just
staring at each other
goku wins there's this new character
there's go new characters totally
stronger than goku goku 'he's got to get
stronger they spent eight episodes
staring at each other
goku wins
when I first discovered Dragon Ball Z
they used to air that on the Cartoon
Network's I watched it for a while and
it was it wasn't like I'm enjoying this
it was more just
slack-jawed amazement like how many
episodes in a row are these characters
going to stare at each other I was
flabbergasted
don't beg away you're running right
through the middle of the Horde I demand
to know Rebecca Rebecca Chang of action
9 News
close the fucking doors I know this is a
shitty weapon but it's right here it's
right fucking here
don't bother
I like riches opinions on things but he
would make a terrible president well our
current president makes a terrible
president and just because he's
incompetent it's not because like I hey
right winger I just know just Trump just
seems like an idiot man
gotta grab the book I need that later
it's like that flashlight
did the story mission now we're gonna
now we're gonna go rescue some people
that should talk anime again I don't
care - should talk anime I don't care if
people like anime this this doesn't
bother me it's annoying when people
insist I should like it but I don't
really care what other people like and I
was I was shit talking Goku not really
anime in general really to be to be fair
alright she will only come with you if
you find her hubby I'm pretty sure he
spawns anyway if you don't talk to her
first but why risk it it's like she's
right out the door once I do the story
mission with Rebecca Chang
inventory space goes so quickly so
quickly yes NPCs get infinite ammo
though I've noticed if you give them
shotguns in this game not not in Dead
Rising 1 Dead Rising 1 you always want
to give them shotguns if they can take a
shotgun
I'm Dead Rising 2 it seems like they can
do damage to other survivors or at the
very least knock them down which is
aggravating
right come on jab let's go rescue your
wife let's drop this ATM machine first
though
fuckin zombies
that's it
what what vice does rich have cheese
you take this Doris oh yeah doors take
the chocolate first there you go
no no you don't go and put on a hat
anymore take it there you go there you
go
if you get caught by a zombie when he
was busy laughing that's that's actually
kind of funny
now Chad I am a teetotaler I don't not
I'm not preachy about it just just my
own personal choice but I don't drink I
don't smoke don't do drugs
Duras
yeah there you go Doris nobody's shotgun
on the zombies you stay there I'm gonna
take care of business 100% sure if we're
ahead or behind unscheduled but yeah
whatever it's fine got some things we
need to do climb in no I can't climb
that
oh no I don't want to throw that
now pick up the three
there we go there we go
Lord
look at that expert crowd maneuvering
alright a to my own fucking horn
fall down here I'm probably gonna lose
time well I will lose time that'll be
really annoying
I kind of hate this part oh god damn it
see that wasted like a minute
yeah one more I think two more two more
and this is the easy jump got it I
really care about that I care about this
free Zombrex anybody who worries about
Katy giving Katie zemerik's their free
ones hidden round that is one of them
are they there right now
hmm
no because I want her with me when I get
the kids I could get them now
I could save Stuart now but I kind of
need a female survivor with me when I go
to save the the Nerds
I should stay the course
move it stay right there
yeah they made straight to the Internet
movies for Dead Rising I don't I don't
know that they're any good they heard on
crackle which is some kind of thing that
does streaming I tried watching the one
of them once there were so many
advertisement ever ads it was just
infuriating every every minute you got
five minutes worth of ads it was on it
was unwatchable
okay I'll find I'll find time for tips
at some point but hard to do that while
I'm playing
see the zombies slip and fall on the
gumballs it's a cute touch
does she count as a female for the Nerds
I haven't tried possibly I don't think
they've spawned in yet so I can't I
can't test that god Esther your
conversation is long
just Richard tonight yeah just me this
is this is a non streaming night bonus
stream I just felt like doing Dead
Rising 2 it's what I were in the mood
for
stick with me
normally I would get my shotguns back
from my survivors before we get to the
safehouse but there the shotguns aren't
as useful in Dead Rising 2 as they are
in Dead Rising 1
sted rising three or four any good not
really
three isn't the worst thing ever made
but it does suck
nice yes you leave your daughter in the
same room as a tiger it's silly but as I
said before that's that's kind of an
easter egg more than an accurate
representation of the tone of the story
in this game that's fine
always a little bit of time doing this
yeah
yes I did give the tiger to my daughter
as a present
careful never changes clothes and
60-plus hours yeah a lot of the outfits
are just silly it's a waste of time I
don't mind I don't mind the default
outfit
by the way the the occasional zombie
that actually starts running at you is
is really kind of freaky what none of
the other ones do it
I'm not sure other than our other than
killing a looter and getting one I'm not
sure of a great spot in this game to
find a flashlight which is kind of like
right now
I know one spawns in one of the
maintenance rooms I just I don't
remember which one and I'm not sure how
out of the way it is what are my
thoughts on Dead Rising 3 they stripped
almost everything that was unique about
the franchise out of it in order to
appeal to a larger audience and it's
stupid and it's easy and it gets boring
shortly it's not that bad I'm making it
sound worse than it probably really is
but it's so crap compared to the other
two Dead Rising Games
don't
Oh how about that how about that right
here
up
I'm sure you guys will love this
yes you tape some gems on to a
flashlight
and you get a lightsaber
changes color a little bit randomly when
you switch back and forth between it
oh is that the only choice baseball if
I'm gonna look at the poster for the
Lambo
it's something with it what I need to
hold on weapons have durability in this
for fuck's sake
I'm not sure what kind of damage the
lightsaber does on bosses I kind of
think the machete taped to a broom
handle does decent damage so I'm gonna
hold on to that basically I'm worried
about the upcoming Brandon fight cuz
that's gonna eat up a lot of my time
when do I read tips when Adam won't get
around to it
it's a solo stream this is a different
beast I'm glad you took for zooming
attempting alright I'll read them at
some point just not not consistently all
night this this stream would last
forever if I did that
Changez outfit already there's nothing
else like it worth it isn't just stupid
see that's the lightsabers dangerous I'm
gonna more damage on him than I am
anything else you have to admit it Dead
Rising 2 has a much better lightsaber
battles than Dead Rising 1 there's the
thing there is a lightsaber in Dead
Rising 1 if you get the 5 day survivor
you survive for five days in infinite
mode it unlocks a lightsaber that spawns
in the security room you can pick up a
new one whenever you go to the security
room
you're getting too aggressive grandpa
stay right there
all right all right they're not doing
Tibet doing stupid things
wait there
we're doing good now once moving at a
good clip
faster
you go there stay over there
still there follow me
next it might be the hardest escort in
the whole game
that's not that bad
that flashlight is not very durable
isn't that right so this way
judge did you really give up on
discovery yes
I don't know why that should be so
shocking if you're not particularly
enjoying something don't keep doing it
I don't think the magazines help with
the combo weapon durability z' though
right
we're doing okay
really
I know big stress done before game
oh that's a good experience that's for
that my laser source already broken I'm
not taking it I can use this though
let's bless 500 points yes
durability spot durability is crap
alright it's fine
let's say forgive that guy some food
so they're very unlucky him there you
sevenish
why are you following me here
well damn it all right I didn't work out
it's not gonna be a perfect run
you fucking kicked his ass rich no he
got hit by a zombie from behind you have
to beat up a little bit to get to talk
to uh to recruit him to ours that's
now that's a lot of backtracking
still there
stay right there I told them to stay
behind I don't know why the game ignored
that command that's irritating you know
I want to reach I want to restart but
it's too fucking late
it's it's too fucking late
come on stay close
hurry okay
fuck
you wait there sorry your husband's dead
the wine
hey you okay
this is boss fight I'm worried about
we're late enough I'm not restarting by
the way if I die this is it playing for
nearly two hours that's that's a lot
I've got to go back and do stuff again
so did he in effect himself
not quite he's got that girl tied up
down there for a reason though
to the reefer about his voice
no stop
he was not doing as much damage as I
would like
yeah this weapon don't suck balls that's
what I got I was thinking it would do
more damage there ended up doing ya know
and I'm briefly caught in a loop
oh okay it does do decent damage if I
use the heavier attack
we're reading too much of the chat
probably I'm paying too much attention
to you assholes man you're slowing me
down
tasty ones not active yet ah fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck
I'm thinking
I'm thinking
I'm thinking I've got like 48 minutes in
the game in game before the next mission
starts and I'm wondering if I have time
to save anybody else just to catch up on
my time a bit or if I should wait around
so I don't miss the next story mission
ah maddening maddening I'll grab some
bears I think grabbing bears is the
smart thing to do
I can I can I can save the Nerds once I
do the branded mission so I don't only
I'm that far behind on time because it's
kind of on the way I think we're doing
good I think well I think we're doing ok
but no matter what I can't I can't miss
out on case two one I was like I said
I'm if I miss out on the main story I'm
I'm considering that that's as good as a
death for me I'll be restarting or well
I'll be ending the stream really
yeah I'm gonna be honest with you I
actually don't know where the skateboard
is in this and I've played this a lot
like at 7 p.m. zombies
all right
fucking do the hard way
nope nope nope alright I'm about to give
up on this bear a huge time investment
on this bear though or Bowl I guess
technically Teddy bull doesn't have the
same ring to it
wait why is the arrow pointing me that
way didn't fuck something up did I why
is the arrow telling me to go here I
don't know
oh there's somebody to go to brains over
brawn ok ok you know it's actually
really hard to see you around this bear
some bringing these bag is actually a
little bit challenging Mike I'm gonna
keep calling it a bear because this is
stuff Dan'l like a big teddy bear I
don't care I don't care this is a bull
all right I make it just in time for the
case
then I can steer this run back on track
king Vidya that's a pun
that's pun can I skip cutscenes to save
time not to save in-game time I don't
think that would actually work it could
save your time but yeah I don't skip
cutscenes that's jacks thing
what
be careful okay
what's the ratio of in-game time to real
time ie oh I used to know I don't
remember I think it's like well I'm Dead
Rising one I think it's was it 10
minutes to 15 minutes to 1 hour no no no
that's insane I don't I don't remember I
don't remember I remember an infinite
mode it took 20 minutes for your life to
deplete but I don't I think I was about
two hours ten minutes an hour but I
don't really remember
that's Dead Rising 1 not Dead Rising 2
two hours is one day in infinite mode
and that's that's Dead Rising 1 I don't
I don't know if it's if they could
jiggered with the time ratio for 2 or
not
all right
now we'll do brains over brawn diet
inventory space okay I've got a little
bit of inventory space I'm gonna make
myself another quick step that will be
useful oh wait that's mine
I shouldn't be wasting time with this I
am
I've already started wasting time on
building the ie D so I might as well
finish
escape there you heck I don't know where
the fucking skateboard is I know that's
bizarre I know
I memorized every weapon combo no just
ones that use a lot
I don't know if messing around that idea
that's getting me enough experience to
be to be worth the time it takes to do
that and there's huge number of points
what good are bear you give gifts to
your daughter and that gives you
experience point it's something else
that helps me up helps me level up
faster plus it's another one of the side
objectives I'd like to complete in order
to do a perfect run
what I do say these two people who are
trapped in the burning room then we're
gonna detour over get the Nerds come
back do Brandon then I'm gonna bring all
those people back do the Lian fight and
then we're going with the story mission
like a fucking gazelle gracefully
maneuvering through the zombies
fire extinguisher I know there's one
around here somewhere there should be
better fucking be shit
did I drop something important over here
yep I did I'm gonna whop that gonna want
my laser sword totally not a lightsaber
absolutely not a lightsaber
wait there shotgun and we're fuckin
around to get it
like a fucking baseball bat
alright you take that let's just go
let's go everybody come on you nerds
okay okay
everyone's here and ones here
ah
come on come on come on that way that
way Go Go
whoo so I'm not talking much this is
this is a concentration time
alright I'm gonna have them wait there
while I do the big obnoxious boss fight
health rich I know I got the I got the
quickstep in my hand I'm waiting to the
last possible second so I got as much
quick step as possible for the brand in
fight wish there was an option to talk
him down this there's some bosses in
these games you can save Paul and the
first one technically speaking snowflake
the tiger in this one there's another
boss in this one you could save - who's
a human being this is the first
psychopath he fought me kicked your ass
yeah Brandon is not meant to be tackled
your first time well I saved the boss
that savable is I'm trying to save
everyone I could save in this so yes
just after me nope
why so I already got me down that low
and help oh this guy sucks
oh this fight I hate this character
oh my Chris step we're off this bad
Oh
that is not easy for the further record
eating trash off the floor hey those
chips were in a bag
psychos and this one are much harder
tell Cletus man I know I'm low on health
I'm running straight to food so we'll be
good we should be good
let's go
Dadda my why you nerd nerd nerd
oh well
still there keep close
the guide you read said to use the
painkiller mix to make the brand in
fight here look I didn't do it I was I
wasn't able to pull it off but if you're
fast
I can I can get him stuck in an infinite
loop where he does the spin attack and
he rest for a second after the spin
attack but I I just failed at dodging
the spin attack he dodged his spin
attack you can get a free hit on him
basically then I'll do the spin attack
again so you keep dodging the spin
attack and you know what he's gonna do
he just keep it going until he's dead
daddy do you need to go back up
oh no wait I want to do
that's a lot of leveling up
rich isn't worth your time to get the
bonus xp for mileage magazines fuck ya
so I got it I got it in my inventory
right now I'm gonna I'm gonna carry that
fucking thing around with me like all
fuckin game pretty much
yeah
how did this serie go wrong this series
go wrong the people who made this three
and four hated the series that's how it
went wrong and people who bitched about
who will do whatever I want even though
they already could do whatever they want
I'm Roarke an explorer but I can't
ignore the time or even though you can't
ignore the time or if I won't ignore the
time oh I don't know even though I want
to do so make the game dumber to appease
me it's something I'm bitter about I
know I'm bitter about a lot of things
that is definitely one of the things I'm
bitter about
all right see if I managed to fuck this
fight up
every dead bison feels the same if you
think that you're kind of a moron and
then you're probably just trolling me
with that coming
whatever buddy
I used to follow you when you did
motocross but look at you now you're a
broken man you just don't got it anymore
do you what's your problem you're such a
chump Chuck
that wasn't a zombie yeah no shit shucks
twice the points harder to hit cuz they
move around so much
all right really part of this fight is
very important I need to not fuck up
this is one of the easier bus look I'm
trying to kill him fast I know you can
choose him by trying to get him stuck in
a corner
I fucked it up fucked it up big time I
can take off a shitload of his health on
the way to where we're going but I
fucked it up
let's go
is he
and may have to go to chew stress
this is why I brought a machine gun
yeah the early portion of that fight you
see every time you knock into him you
take off health you just kind of ride a
little bit behind but alongside of them
and all the way when he rides down the
strip to that area
you just keep bumping into him and as
health goes down a lot but I fucked it
up I got too far forward and I got hit
by his chainsaw
all right health might be an issue
I would like more health time is also an
issue though now dear now dear oh me oh
my
there's still no looters
I'm going on my way to get food I don't
I don't want to die here you'll
recognize this as the spot where I died
in my last attempt right there I think
pretty much exactly right here
first now if I drink any more alcohol
I'm gonna start throwing up but I think
I'm good
Slappy's gonna end this run to slap he's
not gonna end this run
I would never call the prequels watch
both the prequels are the opposite of
watchable they have the glass shard
nearly ended this run he's honestly one
of the harder bosses in the game
especially if you you're still you know
if you're not very levelled yet
I would have used the dodge roll I don't
believe I have it yet
thanks for the ride
that I hate Buffy durability mechanics
mr. Nath's it makes the game what was
his plan there on the guy in the
motorbike I have no idea
hope for the best was his plan
No
like the machine guns are so shitty the
throwing palettes at me instead of
shooting at me
that's how shit these machine guns are
no no nope I got it now oh just barely
some people bitch about weapon
durability and Zelda breath of the wild
yet without it the game balance is
ruined
yes yes I will say I wouldn't mind
weapons having a touch more durability
and Zeldin breath of the wild like 20%
more but yeah the game is built around
it
Oh
gotta hurry up gotta hurry up
it's controller aiming OMG yeah I know
it's crap but that's that's controller
without auto aim for you no more I can't
you can't switch back and forth but yes
there is look for everything in this
game other than the shooting I'm
comfortable using a controller
now if I could have the mouse in one
hand and aim with the other that'll be
something but I don't believe I can do
that in this one you can do that in the
PC port of Dead Rising one this is lime
streaming at our off day why not
you get a Wesley Snipes vibe from the
bad guy in this yeah yeah it looks like
a buff Wesley Snipes
Oh plan Lea plan my route out here where
am I going next what are you what are
you
oh that's the that can wait that's
that's the pawn shop I have to go there
to unlock the pawn shops and I just
don't care enough right now all right I
need to get here I'm all the way over
there
ah should work
left
look at that old guy it's true I'm old
all right
don't need an objective marker I can
just fucking drive their fucking what
it's still quick
interesting
whether the person who just died
III can't save them so we're still
perfect
weapons for you I probably should have
held on to that gun
live and learn huh live and learn
I'm gonna try something new which
probably isn't a good idea but we're
gonna try something no guarantee this
will work not at all I want to put down
oh yeah I got the super motor on my hand
don't need that paddle Saw Massacre time
it's fine you can you can hold out in
your own fur bit right
this is a bad idea if it might be this
might be the worst idea ever
it's gonna be the best worst idea I have
ever had
alright alright Sven I'm gonna need you
to stay somewhere safe you're gonna
you're gonna hang out in there for a bit
I'm gonna take this murder machine over
here though
Oh oh no this is
oh look if this chainsaw doesn't work
out I'm not gonna stubbornly stick with
it I'm gonna change up my strats let's
try this tramp the game audio all right
give me a second does the game audio
need to go up Chad real quick does the
game audio need to go higher no no a
couple yeses mostly knows a teeny bit
can't hear the dialogue they have can't
hear the dialogue it needs to go up
all right try that
option
oh that's not terrible let's try it with
some quick step
let's get enough
that doesn't look fresh thinking oh I'm
making him look easy and trust me if
you're not I'm not really familiar with
this game that boss fight is a bitch
look like a lot of dead rising it's all
it's all preparation like quick step is
a really good thing to have for him
stick to me wait there
she said the same fun time at taxes one
if my fun time attacks
you mean Frank's fun moves like the face
crusher or the disembowel move no not
really
voice acting this is well at least the
first game was actually was before voice
acting was just expected
stick with me
yeah well Jasper's here lady give it the
program
take the fucking thing
they're still behind schedule I think
I'm pretty well caught up
Dead Rising 2 is very generous with the
time
yeah I'm well aware of a Zombrex
situation Stacy I had to drop my paddle
saws for this ship oh I forgot the
dynamite
well what a games can you say oh I
forgot the dynamite
Stacy the place to notice she's nowhere
near as bad
I like Dead Rising one Otis's
Chadd story can make a game better but
it's not a requirement for them a fun
game can be fun regardless of the story
actually a bad story might even make a
game less likeable
this way
head that way
stay right there
normally you have to carry the survivor
but I'm carrying the leadership book
which means she'll she'll walk just fine
on her own
Oh
it might be slightly behind we'll see if
I can get to the the rock concert people
before it's time to give Katy Zombrex
that'll be the deciding factor on
whether or not I'm really caught up but
I leave someone might not shit
alright we're behind
now we go
people I got one two three four five I
think that's everyone Oh God God group
so large it's hard to keep track
head that way
chap nobody outside of Boston cares
about Boston actually you know what
change of plans I think this is easier
if not quicker easier we're going this
way
oh wait no I got to get I got to get
that other guy anyway go back to the old
plan sorry everybody nothing's wrong
with Boston I'm just being a jackass you
people people got to learn when and when
not to take me too seriously
fucking die again
yes Boston is famous for its sports team
and it and it's lingering insecurities
towards New York
nothing my Chicago - Chicago doesn't
give a shit about New York
how fast people to turn into zombies and
Dead Rising it's variable depending upon
what the plot demands
well we're out take all right hey there
follow with me
no deaf equals I must not die I'm gonna
try to save everybody because it's the
nice thing to do
how much of game is left wad
six two hours to save the band we're
gonna trap
we're gonna try it probably dumb
probably dumb otherwise I'm standing
around for an hour waiting to give Katie
a service on bricks accomplishing
nothing but I got till 8:00 in game to
give Katie or drugs
instead of our fine time to check for
that skateboard live and learn
can you save scumming this game why the
fuck would I do that you know if I'm
gonna make it yeah I'm cutting it close
honestly
now I got this I got this
if I had my explosive arrows all that
free XP look at that huge crowd of
zombies
I got till 8:00 in Game four the kt
thing
it's not even it's not even 7:00 in-game
yet guitars for everyone come on
we got it we got it we got it
come on I got an hour we got an hour
everything okay with Katie it'd be so
much better I've had my explosive arrows
I forgot to grab the dynamite
all right Jeff you can't keep up we're
gonna cut your loose so you better keep
up
don't fall behind this way keep going
okay I see the skateboards now
can you jump kick us check yeah but it
it sucks compared to Frank's jump kick
because you stop when you do it you lose
all your mom you lose all of your
fucking momentum it's it basically it's
worthless the dead rising to jump kick
is worthless holy shit you did it I know
I know I did it
yeah half an hour a game to spare
okay I'm positive
Chuck's jump kick is an insta-kill who
cares if you kill the zombie or not the
point is to get it out of your way
I still can't believe you were on that
show it's so cool all right
I'm officially caught up by the way
I'm missing the curling to the Olympics
start
started last night well fuck0
this is shit about the Olympics I do I
enjoy the Olympics I look forward to
them
you don't know when they are look I
almost never watch TV is the issue I've
pretty much I wasn't like a conscious
like I need to cut TV out of my life but
I did just stop watching TV
I thought I thought they were starting
next week
all right I don't know I need to do I'll
get Katie another bear
this my speedrunning game f more so the
first one though you can't really call
it a 'speedrun when the game's kind of
just on its own timer but the note
deathrun is my way to get more mileage
out of a game I love so I guess in that
in that sense it's similar I go out to
beat the game I've done other things you
can do in the game what do I do now I'll
do without dying
that's my favorite Olympic game I I
mostly here's what I like during the
Olympics oddball sports you don't
normally see unless it's the Olympics I
don't I don't curling's big in Canada
but it's not especially big in the
United States and so you only ever see
curling and when it's the Olympics like
weird things like summer games water
polo full-court volleyball you don't see
that on TV in the United States I'm not
talking about the bikini version which
is which is fun I'm not putting down
beach volleyball but I'm just saying
they haven't spawned yet they're really
finicky than Kathy space ladies about
spawning
I walk in from that way and they spawn
that's that's fine that's fine
ladies be shoppin
all right
yourself reading these ladies they won't
follow you unless you're carrying their
their stuff you wait here but the
packages I'm gonna go save your friend
taking a sweet time let me tell you
Oh
alright times this mission start time
for one quick thing it's meeting crease
so that's good
all right
all right there might be more drawbacks
than positives
yeah the handling on the board felt a
bit rough I'll say that
yes I know about the freedom bear
honestly I'd rather just have the light
machinegun in my inventory
ah you know what amazes wait here
actually I'm actually very much caught
up
wait you bring her the tiger yes you do
it's to be fair just kind of medicine
Easter egg it's a secret thing so
when she get her I don't remember
Rebecca chain walking into the room she
wasn't in there a moment ago please rate
Dead Rising games from best to worst one
two three four
you're welcome
don't like off the record off the record
is basically it's just the special
edition of Dead Rising 2 you know
they're in large part the same game
can you kill Katie you cannot give her
her medicine which in a roundabout way
kills her
find out anything
I got a combo card for the sledgehammer
axe yep
you can still craft another blueprint I
know you can craft without the blueprint
I might not have been around here
earlier I'm hold on there's a little bit
of an extra challenge I'm gonna try and
hold off on crafting things until I get
the combo card though for a couple of
bosses I'm gonna want the sledgehammer
ax even if I don't have the combo card
for it
show Loraine garbage
but
it'll be a little bit careful make sure
I got the proper amount of health items
ah me
wowthat's skateboards great first one
would break that easily but it
controlled much better in the first game
others controls like shit
we have the skateboard Ridge grab the
skateboard oh my god oh my god
fuck off
what are you guys
I've already got well I need more than
one oh we're on the wrong way but you
you skateboards I tried don't work you
make it I'll be fine
what if I don't make it
experts on be maneuvering expert
yeah yeah everyone knows slappy here
I know slappy
all right
or on this force
fuck that shit
who is my Dead Rising waifu I I hate to
tell you this but I'm an adult I don't
have a Dead Rising wait for you
there's no how to say way food right
such a bird waste got in the way fucking
die and keep dying
some here I'm gonna need later
so many books
a book was that I was one of the
gambling books how to not how to quit
yeah
now come on
so stupid that's so stupid
it's so stupid that this works
I'm not further than my first attempt
but I actually feel like I'm doing
better than during my first attempt
because I did not lose life or at least
a minute my life but I did not lose a
survivor
you've got a real knack for showing up
at the right time don't you what you
save the people or you have to play a
poker game yep that's that's what might
slip me up for the perfect run I've
started collecting the gambling books
specifically for that I've got the hard
one to get
I remember right can't you read
challenge them yeah but I wanted the
money to I need I need a hundred
thousand to buy in that'll that'll be
that'll be the next thing I need to get
the money for that but I'm not so
worried about that it's first dead
rising better I mean is to better than
one in my opinion I like one better but
I think that's an unpopular opinion on
the whole yeah yeah we're gonna do that
all right I have better slappy strengths
Ants Ants Ants Ants

[Part II]
all right I have better slappy strengths
and I've got a better slappy plan
where is it specifically I think it's
over here Oh No fuck's sake
magazine drinking which importantly
means I will no longer throw up when
drinking too much turned around I mean
it'd be good all right all right I don't
rich why don't you drink in real life
I'm I'm uncomfortable with with a
chemical altering my brain I'm very
uncomfortable with this
did I ever drink in the past no I never
felt the urge I don't really need the
leadership book
not really I'm gonna need the extra
firepower yeah we're DS bad to the
breaks
wait actually do kind of want the
leadership er
changing my mind why are people obsessed
with my not drinking to be fair it is
kind of weird in the grand scheme of
things
want this leadership book but there's
nothing I want to put down to get it
rather have the bat for this fight but
the bat was about to break near by the
punching the flaming the boxing gloves
the the best weapon I could think of to
grab than I I knew where the do the the
right ingredients were to make it
nope that's what I want
I know I'm trying to I know the boxing
glove and bowie knife is fairly good
pretty good for bosses it's so good for
bosses I'm trying to avoid using them
feel sorry for sloppy yeah kind of
he thinks he's killing the guy who
started the outbreak take a break my run
continues well I'm gonna yeah I took a
bathroom break at the very least
here we go here we go
nope
I missed
how'd that kill him last time how did he
kill me last time I i completely forgot
that you could stun lock him with the
jump kick strats I I clean forgot I went
and played around with the the game when
I went home after I failed I I reloaded
the same with slappy and I jumped kicked
him and he knocked and he fell down and
it just it just all fucking came back to
me alright you can jump kick slappy and
just keep him down I felt so stupid
after I remembered that
yeah we've already saved Jack in this
game
it's done
yes it's a dildo
whereas my foot so nervous because I
fiddle constantly and you know this
about me everyone knows this about me
and there
all right doing pretty good
I check time one more time oh I get it I
get it you pervs
side-missions available here alright
we're on top of everything
feels like I'm missing a Zombrex feels
like I grab the three in the casino sure
you could ask this lap but would you
ever consider playing Knights of the Old
Republic one or two I am just completely
not interested
burned out man not so much burned out
it's just I haven't I haven't liked all
Star Wars all that much since the late
90s what I ever consider playing
injustice to yes but I'd probably want
to play injustice one first
all right what are we what are we doing
what are we working on as well I may as
well do the little casino I mean a
little pawn shop quest thing
they get the combo card for money
sledgehammer ax I'd like to not build a
combo weapon unless I got the card for
it but if I don't get that ax thing soon
fuckin
I'm gonna need that later
yes the Defiler is the proper name of
the weapon I'm calling it the
sledgehammer axe I'm sorry I'm so
fucking sorry for your loss your
personal individual loss
I have no what I were to double check
maybe just went by it
Defiler pepper Hecker
hell-blade oh no why this is the driller
oh I do
oh okay sweet
pawnshop ever worth it I mean I'm here I
may as well unlock it yeah why not
plus I'm gonna read
and it shows up as a quest on there it
feels like something I should do and so
I did it
make it look easy make it look easy
alright I'm gonna take a potty break
I'll be back I will be back
so I grabbed some Chewbacca cheez-its
because I needed something to snack on
they they have little pictures of Star
Wars shits on the cheez-its
look at this
I have no idea if that showed up on
camera probably didn't but I had a
little picture of r2d2 on it it's
getting chroma keyed weird just wired a
few I thought you'd be interested in the
absurdity of Star Wars characters on a
chizel
well I tried all right I know didn't
show up I'm sorry I tried
okay they're stars there all right got a
killed I'm gonna kill time I'll make it
to file her and they'll grab some more
Zombrex for Katie and I got to drop some
of these books
what don't I need leadership
I don't need leadership I just don't
need it and that's the book that is
right yeah all right I can grab another
one if I need it okay good good good
there's no time to kill maybe a little
killer
Farah we needed Dead Rising 2 now I'd
say over half but not far over half
we're close to half
like and I think coming up that I'm
dreading the poker match less so that
something could go wrong and more so
just I you just run it a bad luck
I have little control whether or not I
run into some really bad luck
and then I can't save those three take
the plunge
all right yes Dead Rising 4 is absolute
garbage
oh wait that's not what I need that's
what I did
whoops whoops
maps are good maps are good useful
things
sounds like the dudes who made Dead
Rising 4 or getting laid off maybe it
means good things for the French guys
that means they're gonna stop making
games in the franchise is what it means
franchise dead
so no way to get downstairs to the
tunnels
a wall I guess there isn't
oh that's behind there all right all
right
why are these women still working
yeah I'm leveled up that's what matters
man man where this where the stairs back
that way
dedicated to do do do do do do do do do
this is what I'm trying to find reason I
came down here so I could grab this am I
gonna watch the Olympics well if this
raid probably not tonight
what do we drop I guess the answer has
to be there
right on all right
and we're off
I really need one of these one of these
level ups to expand my pockets I need
bigger pockets
don't recall saying this boss being
fought on stream probably you probably
haven't seen this boss bought on stream
I'm farther than I've ever been on
stream
his weak spot is shooting him in the
crotch when he's taunting you
you may now kiss the bride
Oh shucks you and your one-liners when
something terrible happens to people
you're such a sociopath but you've got a
daughter
Chuck's fine Chuck rains fine you can by
the way after you beat him you can use
this chainsaw
unfortunately it sucks oh I feel dirty
I got nothing I got nothing else armored
with them so it's too early for the one
guy
I'm too early like Randy would have been
ah yeah wait four minutes for this guy
to show up cause the time of the casino
stick to me wait there
what didn't mean hit you
you go there
all right that's enough later on I had
some a shot all right all right we're
good
fuck you gotta be careful really close
to leveling up
wait there
nobody has yet died on an escort mission
whoo
it's impossible to be doing too good
who are you my name is rich Evans what
welcome
Oh Jackson the chat you're asking
previously recorded live who they were
yes jack is in the chat now apparently
Jack what's up what's up man I'm doing
great
wicked
I know you guys are gonna hate this but
I'm gonna check my cheat sheet and make
sure I'm not missing anybody
I'm gonna use my cheat sheet
she's not there yet
all right
where are we at I just have a list here
of when survivors spawn and when they
asked for requests just because I really
don't want to fucking miss anything now
I never got that call about Lynette why
why or not Lynette or what's her name
though the one with the golf club you
don't know you've never seen her before
I know who it is though there she is
just a few other things before okay keep
that book yeah okay so talking about
thinking to myself why don't you dress
up the character cuz I like looking
silly Hey looking sillies for nerds
your weapons break in this game yes
keep moving
all right the Flint around
I know looter zombies ever that's a good
question
you think you think a few of them would
have gotten taken down by the zombies
don't talk to you I already talked to
you I know what you saying god damn toys
no she's got her models
nope no Lenny isn't here yet
I found all the possible toys I'm only
missing one thing I can't get it to
later
we may as well do Stuart's scheme now
before you forget is that would be bad
those are mute this is our mutiny event
here
Stuart threatens to leave we just talked
him down it's no problem unless you
forget about it then it's a problem
excuse me
yes Stewart is always trying to ruin
things
there's something wrong with Stuart yeah
he he wants to he doesn't like you and
he's gonna leave with some other people
I haven't been reading I forgot why so I
got to convince him not to leave with
other people and get all those other
people killed because Stuart's and
dipshit
look up yes to is a greedy half cycle
that is that's pretty accurate yeah
can I just kill him I can't use weapons
in the safehouse
I wouldn't do it anyway come on
what happens if you don't talk to him he
leaves and he brings other survivors
with them and they count as being dead
and I will have failed in my attempt to
save everybody that's what I think
happens
I don't think Stewart's ever had
successfully had a mutiny I'm eight so
I'm assuming it's like the mutinies in
Dead Rising 1 which may be a mistake
did I get to slap yet oh I fucking tore
slappy apart I made slap you look like a
fucking joke
yeah
uh what do I need I need to go this way
yike yike
but you're you a full-time streamer I
wouldn't say full-time streamer mostly
I'm doing red letter media related stuff
I'm gonna like an hour to kill in this
game I'm gonna double-check make sure
I'm not missing something I understand
I've got too much time to kill man and
it feels weird no I'm I'm good I'm good
and half an hour ass not that much time
welljust will just get in the vicinity
of where we need to be how about that
psycho prep I think I'm good I think I'm
good
well I got four combo cards I don't I
don't have a great strategy for this
next two upcoming fight I think I tried
flamethrowers once I was underwhelmed
I'm gonna say we're good with what I got
what's the next fight you'll see you'll
see
about a half an hour in game time away
from it so I went from thinking I was
behind to killing time
hmm
hmm
probably
do I ever use the bees I may once or
twice they're not that useful in this
particular game
told you they weren't nice ladies
part is great for freedom bear hmm-hmm
never thought to try that particular
Strad I should be alright
this outbreak is killing thousands
people are dying
Oh
all right
no I don't want thank you no stop stop I
don't want to god damn it that was an
accident
so not a bad strap
quick-step
and painkiller nice combo for this fight
feels like I'm wasting health but I'm a
quick tank
quick-step is worn off
fuck
magic work
OOP well you only have to kill one of
them
you will never get out of here alive
Chuck we promise you that
picking up the drinking magazine was a
godsend said this battle is specifically
why I picked that up Chuck was actually
caring about someone dying and no one
lighter I know this game has gone off
the rails
Oh
what
got that drop that I want the fire
extinction
not anything you think we got everything
we need
I really should make some more help now
that's the quickest route probably left
what
how am i how am i I'm fine absolutely
fine
ah it's maddening
nope don't mean to do that
actually I already gave her one of these
bearers I'm doing something different
with this
we're not quite ready for this yet
yes
I'm gonna come back for I need to get
some health ready
Oh
okay okay
now we're off to our next boss fight
what difficulty is this as far as I know
this game doesn't have difficulty
settings I'm gonna try this freedom bear
here we'll see how this works probably
poorly
hey buddy I don't think there's anyone
there what's cheese castle the cheese
castle is a tourist trap right over the
Wisconsin border because Wisconsin
Wisconsin cheese place called the cheese
castle they go there they sell a bunch
cheese did you come over the border to
Wisconsin you think I want some of that
famous Wisconsin cheese look this place
called the cheese castle finds like the
same voice sound to a slappy probably is
it's a nice place the cheese castle I've
been in there Karen loves it every time
we go by Karen insist on stopping at the
cheese castle
oh it doesn't work
like you follow me I guess it makes
sense
and I made it look easy Chuck I'm trying
not to make the Wolverine gloves because
they're overpowered that's some
challenging myself my daughter
this one's special
all right
he's quickly run over here that's kind
of
did you get destroyed No
shoot freedom bear shoot
oh did I not I didn't activate it last
time that's why I didn't shoot at the
mailman
I don't think I can I'm gonna try I
don't think I can give this to my
daughter
well alright
I don't think she'll take it we'll try
all right Lenny are you there yet Lenny
no no she doesn't take it that's worth
checking out
why does she hate freedom hey you know
what I don't know I don't know why she
hates freedom
goodbye freedom burr I have so much free
time it feels like I'm missing something
but I I'm pretty sure I'm not
uh you guys are gonna have a field day
with this
stick with me
this way keep close
move that way
dignity matters have some fucking
dignity
stick to me
I hope you've had your fun I hope you've
had your fun
I need what are you doing your thing you
have money
we're gonna leave and come back and
hopefully Lenny will have spawned with
this little survivor request if not I've
got to go on with the mission I've got I
got too much shit to do right now in
game hour the period of the game where
we had free time is over
and Lenny really needs to get his shit
together fruit time is over he said
before spending five hours playing poker
with morons but that's that's not free
time though that's submission I need to
do and I need a lot of time for that
because this there's a lot of just
random shit with that Oh Lenny you prick
alright fuck you Lenny
yeah what the fuck is wrong with my
socks No
like if Lenny's there when I get back
I'll do is I'll do a survivor request
but he's out of time oh yeah I got other
things I need to do I drink this orange
juice
Thanks
I don't have the elbow drop yet
walking fucking library I know all Katy
and her fucking Zombrex
yes you can pick up a playboy in
magazine in this game it gives you extra
prestige points for female survivors yes
this is literally an escort mission
they don't come with you unless you give
them $10,000
wait yes I want
wait
most of my inventory his books right now
I I don't regret it
what do you close the fucking doors
alright time for some gambling
so the Plunkett jacket basically it
short sleeves
I'm gonna sit down and play some poker
is that what you wanted there's time
away stand
we need to we need to get lucky yeah six
king the I'll call though
he's probably got ace
yeah yeah yeah I know game I know we're
playing poker just give me the cards two
ones
oh god that's the lowest hand I could
have wonder why I keep losing in this
game
No
somebody go in
why don't I bait them by by just calling
I had the smallest possible raise all
right
all right so the benefit of having the
gambling books here is basically it
guarantees you're gonna have decent
cards but not necessarily better than
there's videos Jack
Oh Jack no
that's a big race
ah Katie needs her son Briggs I'm
fucking poker
I think I need to get aggressive I need
to get aggressive
that's not what I wanted to see fuck it
Katie needs your Zombrex
I know that wasn't necessarily the
smartest play but I'm not a timer here
you know if I don't win they won't
follow me no
just got pockets something I can afford
to call it
now
I call
I race
fuck it what's he got
yeah yeah oh well oh well
why would you all in on that because I'm
trying to i got Katie needs her Sam
Briggs I need to beat these guys before
she dies
yeah
what's the goal though to win to beat
them it's the timer even moving yes it
is I'm pretty sure no I'm pretty sure it
is 25
yeah he's got no okay
nope not okay
I need an ace yeah Oh God what are they
for well they're not force you to play
this game when he raised when he raised
call a six
cinnamon that's the wrong gambling
mission that you're posting that for
that's a knee up which is something
different later on
ace Jack fuck it I'll call that
Oh
that's big race nothing jack
yep that was her bet not mine I folded
I raise
he's almost certainly got a king right
you can't oh one of them will be knocked
out
we're at least nearly backed out
see the Zombrex timer is going down
I know Zombrex is in the red I know I
know this is tense is the biggest thing
I was worried about and I'm doing bad I
was hoping to get them quick
Oh
Oh
yeah the perfect road is coming down to
this yes
Oh
she's gonna win
plus I get really lucky now I won't
so you're playing against AI not people
she went all in with ten to
this is why I was doing some stupid all
ins earlier
hurry up hurry up
right back into it like nothing happened
long as the poker game going on it just
ended
now we got time we got time this
shortcuts gonna take us right near the
dam safe house safe room whatever
who sent what he probably heard wasn't
construction equipment it was probably
snow moving equipment because they're
probably plowing the roads because it's
a fucking awful winter
like all winters
yeah Chad I've been playing since like
2:30 Central Time
oh by the way they're not hookers their
guardian angels personal security they
didn't go there Oh
minute early I'm a minute early for
whatever reason I don't think I'm gonna
get the Lenni mission so it's not gonna
be a 100% ultimate perfect run but I I'm
still on track to save everybody
I'm sorry
there's talk of finding a cure someday
isabella keys was looking for it wasn't
she one of the terrorists and Willem
n-no her brother was the terrorist he
was angry taking revenge for a
government experiment that caused all of
this in the first place
Isabella tried to help she worked with
Frank West to make the first inhibitor
using Queens
well I hope she's still looking
yeah
oh honey there you are it's the guy from
the beginning of the game are we saved
when we got snowflake he decayed her you
know lynnie seif actually miss chuck
saying that i got them together lines
mixed up ladies good pray for Lenny
likes numbers too oh they're doing a
Rain Man Thing Lenny likes counting
numbers are good times Lenny Charlie
kept big numbers in the yucatan casino
so Lenny can come terribly good at sluts
Lenny keeps key safe so Charlie can give
any money later do count let me get any
of the key to the one of the casinos
all right any other missions going on
this one all right all right I can trap
some of these fucking gambling books
just we got some precious fucking
inventory space together
all right
yeah I understand that this is the long
stream if you gotta go you gotta go
good night and thank you for joining us
that gambling was tense hence me and oh
shit yeah I remember what happens later
in this in game day oh we're gonna have
some fun not
the gambling books just for that one
part ah well if I'm trying to do all of
the missions there's a second completely
optional just like the first one really
gambling mission in the safehouse
there's a strip poker game that I can
take part in and that's the one where
for it to count I only need to be at the
table when one of the people are
eliminated what do I do next
what do I do next
order events what's
okay I'm gonna run to that casino vault
real quick
okay okay where's the ball think that's
ever here oh yeah
yeah I totally wanted to pick up that
sign and not open the door how'd you get
that right game while reading my mind
examine I'm examining it interesting
it's not letting me in is there
something I'm missing with this quest is
there something I'm missing
I didn't like forget to pick up a Keith
firm or something did I'm
fuck we're gonna race back real fucking
quick
then jerk Lenny better still be there no
money's not useless now as the rest of
the the rest of the country and the
world are fine this is an isolated
breakout of zombies in this one area
Oh
stress stress so much stress all this
wasted time
other than this Lenny business were
we're pretty
look we're good we're good and I don't
care if I I don't know if I don't do a
little personal request
well I notice I got a ton of money more
than I had after winning the poker game
so maybe it counted as me having done
what I need to do I don't know all right
Lenny oh good it counted
we're just we're stealing money from
mentally incapable man who does not know
any better and we are we are horrible
people in my little survivor notes my I
definitely don't want to forget anything
notes alright so we did Lenny's quest
Lenny's golden okay okay okay
rich has a cheat sheet so he doesn't
miss a survivor and you know what I
don't care if you're okay with that
because I'm okay with that
it's not a walkthrough it's just a list
of times that things are happening
all right so these are the hardest to
find survivors in the game if you didn't
read about these online or see a video
or read a walkthrough about these guys I
don't know how the fuck you would have
found them but in order to start
recruiting them I've got to go do
something I gotta go grab some things
this game really doesn't give you much
time to dilly-dally well you're under no
obligation to try and do everything
which I am doing right now as a personal
challenge like the main story missions
there's so much time in between the main
story stuff it's it's a joke
headache incoming you get the in-game
reward for doing everything just the
experience points for leveling up and no
other than the satisfaction of having
yeah yeah phone I know I know
where's it others
we're to go House beard all right
quickest way into safer to avoid the
snipers until I'm ready for him I
dropped it
oh shit
thank you thank you can't store the
weapon fuck that
oh one over here
I hope I'm not too late for the secret
survivors which I might be
so you discover these people down here
you can't rescue them until later but
you just have to randomly decide to walk
in that door during the hours when
they're around chap that Bank run is not
related to the Lenny thing I know that's
confusing
you have the plates recovery so you to
find them randomly walk in that door at
the specific time they happened to be
there see this is definitely not meant
to be done your first time through and
then they ask two very odd and for two
very odd and specific items which I
already conveniently have in my
inventory
and you'll notice he looks identical to
Lenny
cool
I'm going to talk to everyone at least
once just just to make sure the game
knows I have discovered them
do I need these snide out better right
here
tonight people leaving thank you for
showing up yes how many times have I
played this game of the the the first
two dead risings especially the first
one are amongst my favorite games ever
man what does P P stand for prestige
points alright so time of the rednecks
unfortunately I happen to know just
where to go to find the rednecks
just like
it's a double check I know where the
ladder is across the way isn't it have I
forgotten no no all the ranks right oh
okay
all right these guys are a bitch to
fight so this is uh this is dangerous
no I didn't mean the Dodge a shit
oh fuck fuck
shut up Stacy
and if you don't kill these guys they'll
take potshots at you while you're
escorting survivors and they will they
will fuck your shit up
there's
where's your food stash I know you've
got a food stash now this doesn't make
me throw up that would be nasty all
right we're good we're good
I'm building it one where's the egress
I'm gonna build a new saw staff to make
sure it lasts through the next two
fights it would suck if it broke during
I'm gonna keep my Defiler fresh too
yeah it's not just the fat one all of
the snipers have little food stashes on
the roof
all right good
making it look easy that's what I do
deeds where the pedals all go oh I can't
get it I can't get it alright alright
I'll do this old school as some shit
look
fuck you oh wow
all right what should I do
should I run into the chemical okay I
got time on that yet I've a hard
I'd like to have two of the quick steps
for this next portion but is is what is
is right now
so she won't come with you unless you're
just wearing underwear
so many fights on this particular
in-game day so many fights
interesting
easy
I saw
I really want to waste it but you get a
six-shooter probably the best weapon in
the game where's where's the guy who was
hiding from you
yeah I can make chemical dependency
I will be cutting it close all night
yeah I could do it fuck off
yes all right
move it stay close don't fall behind
keep it moving still there keep going
hurry up keep moving stick to me
alright-alright nearly naked lady let's
go come on come on Europa fuck named you
yes you have heart boxershorts just like
ghouls and ghosts this is a capcom game
remember they're actually the hardest
item to unlock and did rising one the
boxer shards the heart boxer shorts
alright quickest route the normal way
move it
stick to me this way
they fine if we can avoid the looters
oh yeah we're totally gonna make it in
time for chemical dependency bank runs
getting dicey not really long time for
it
okay this is your new mommy yeah I'm
gonna give you a rope on to Katie that's
one of Katie's gifts
well alright
by missed any survivors not yet
look I put closer I'd love to put
clothes on honestly but I got I got
people to save man what do we got here
nice I've got some kind of achievement
for that I don't know what
you feel a little bit pressed for time
bank bank runs getting uh he's getting a
little bit he you know okay
yeah I'm not playing around the fucking
looters
where is it
I'll bet Woods fine
you're saying that a perfect run no more
like it's over
Jeff this is the easier game overall but
it's also the one I'm nowhere near as
familiar with Dead Rising 1 I know like
the back of my hand
chant I changed out the outfit because a
quest required it I got a book like hell
to try and get no one to fold them it's
not quite over yet
the dream is alive alive
I'm doing the stakeout one right now
last time I know where he is yeah I did
I you know why I did shit in the wrong
order
I should have did see her there I should
have done her quest later I should have
done no one to fold them first but I was
just being stupid as being stupid oh my
god I'm right here I'll do it I'm right
here that was the wrong call
I didn't chat I didn't make quick steps
I just had to burn through them earlier
fuck that reeling
fucking haul just jump right off who
gives his shit
we're gonna make this and no one to fold
them is very doable still though I'm my
best run ever I think I had no one to
fold him and this next one done Alba fat
I'm not doing my best but I'm still
doing really good
chose that okay we'll get him on the way
all right Oh though so we'll listen line
up nicely this will actually line up
really nicely
bill
talk to the belt we got to do this shit
bill
stick with me come on bill this way what
we got here
could make a weapon but fuck it
sir
fine fine
technically it's not a malls as much as
it is a Vegas like casino resort so it
makes sense that you would see a lot of
porn --is-- type stuff
all right Fleming boxing gloves you've
been very good to me
keep moving
stay over there
this game sucks well maybe you suck just
saying
yes we completed folder
what about this game do I love so much
all right that that mad scramble to get
to hold him or fold him before the timer
ran out and not knowing if I was going
to do it and all of the tension that
that is what I love about it
that's what three and four are
completely fucking lacking completely
stop talking to join the fucking party
you suicidal jackass
we think they want to eat us but do we
really know that maybe they just want to
get close to it you you fucking idiot
fucking you fucking idiot you deserve to
die you just you just deserve to die
head that way
whoa
stay right there
I got two sets of boxing gloves
Oh
still there
oh you can give the survivors weapons
I'm just not bothering to I don't really
need to I'm trying to some of them
already have weapons just I got I got
shit to do man
stay close
those missions I'm missing I'm not
missing any missions what are you
talking about we're on we're on pace we
have a shot at absolute perfection
top-3 Star Trek series TNG the original
series in deep space 9 in that order
Oh what do you know I just happen to
have whiskey in my inventory Sven oh
it's kind of an amazing coincidence
you had your whacky clothing fun I'm
back to my boring old jacket thing you
can you can deal with it all right
all right
what's his jacket say oh it's uh kg and
phantoon a that the Megaman guy who made
we have so consecrated the Dead Rising
series it's his name backwards
I know we didn't create Megaman but he's
he's he's associated with the series he
didn't create Dead Rising though at
least not pretty sure he's the head guy
on it wait wait wait wait don't be
nobody willy-nilly rich where's that use
my gun I'm going to I'm saving it for
what for what is to come
nope wait yeah no listen that's what I
need
okay perfect zombie crowd navigation
perfect been streaming well yeah we're
going the whole nine yards here don't
throw a grenade with these gloves on
that that's sage-like advice my friend
and they can wait
oh this feels like such a long walk
right now
how did I get my original costume back
there's a fight
sweet okay we got a bit longer than 10
hours in-game pretty sure
Kilmer all right
oh I don't know about me like oh I
didn't know I could I get this I got my
gloves
oh wait
when a strip poker near that item that's
gonna be like one of the last things I
do I'm gonna do all this case file shit
first because it's all more important
what other location besides a mall and a
resort well they they kind of did this
and off-the-record but I always thought
of a theme park wouldn't be a bad
setting for a Dead Rising game
whoops with that one

[Part III]
ah
all the toys are gone yes cuz I
completed the quest
I gave Katy all the things so she's just
kind of good after that
puts him all the way cuz she's done
playing with them the second she gets
all of her toys I don't know
fuck
that's my word
quickest route and where I'm at that's
clear or straight over there through the
shortcut there industry
quick-step lasts decently a long time
how many millions of times as rich
played dead rising this is dead rising
too motherfucker ain't gonna like it
fuck out here man well harsh my vibe
it's dead rising 2 better than the first
but people think so uh I don't I prefer
one but they're both great games
why is everyone insane because in a
zombie game that's the best way to have
boss fights it was better than like
fighting the super zombie
Wow there you'll fucker
it feels like a Penn & Teller bit still
at it and still perfect to
that's cute but it's slowing me down
all right all right Chad read the text
here all right read the text or I'll
read it all right he must not have heard
your set maybe he can settle this
they're both comedians hey pal you got
to help me out grandpa over that up
grandpa
over there and I have her both in town
for the comedian of the Year award I was
killing the crowd with my jokes then
these zombies come around and started
killing them for real I can't stand to
be upstaged those zombies are still out
there but if you follow me I can get you
to safety
nothing doing pal we're gonna find who
the comedian of the year was and we
leave until we do just listen to my joke
and Walter sad attempt and give the
trophy on the counter to the funny one
so that's the trophy I gotta give one of
them a trophy if you're a tasteful man
like myself then you are sick of tired
old comedians trying to be funny and
just ending up pathetic
let me lay down some fresh lines from
the new hotness of comedy what do sloppy
zombies get on their clothes when they
eat stains
oh snap stains I kill me how that one
gets me every time stains so good I'll
almost make them myself what do you
think okay get ready to laugh what does
a vegan zombie eat grains ah ha ha ha
grains get it grains that's pure comedic
genius that is took me hours to think
that up worthy of a trophy what do you
say ok ok Chad Chad this is interactive
interactive gaming here twitchit twitchy
active twitch connectivity which one of
them do I give the trophy stains or
grains I've seen 3-4 stains one for
grains oh I think grains is Winnick
grains is pulled ahead
we now have grains were giving it to
grains now this guy won't come unless I
give him money cuz he's mad I didn't
pick him if I give it to this guy and
the other guy he still joins me but he
cries
really he deserves to die but my goal is
to save everybody so that's what it is
yes what a zombies ROI
move that way
okay it's a cute weapon good for it
come on you go there
fresh six-shooter
stick to me
which joke did I think was funnier half
probably grains yes I'm still going
this lady might jump she said be she got
separated from her mother she thinks her
mother's dead so I have to go find her
mother
all right Atlantica cocido when they're
an exploded helicopter up here I mean
this roof this roof should be a fucking
mess which is funny because the male car
from the mailman guy that's still there
I don't know what's the mail car cuz the
mailman was driving it the mailman the
go-cart car cart whatever you want to
call it is still where we had the boss
fight where it blew up the helicopter is
not where the helicopter blew up at
there they're not being consistent
keep one eye on my health wrenches every
question with the fucking for asking
tongue oh you're reading that into it no
no
well you guys just take care of yourself
I think these are the mother nod no
they're not quite the last survivors but
the last survivors for a while
fuck it's a fucking marathon man you
take a gun
I wonder take
this way
yeah
she's right here yes mister Dead Rising
1 I'd be taking a picture of that
faster
see how mama handle some machine gun
lady yes
move it go over there
what are you doing up there whether it's
a release there
all right we get this locked up we can
we can play poker until the military
arrives nice relaxing poker
Oh
good
okay
oh I just happened to have the plant you
need in my inventory yes what are the
odds all right now we need to go get
gambling books again
and this will determine whether or not I
get the perfect run probably not going
to happen
Katie and summer Katie the Katie thing
that's on lockdown man I got I got more
Zombrex than a need we're fine we're
fine
wait don't forget the other book let's
figure out the other book
lots of zombies
Chad's depending upon how you ask I
count as Gen X or Gen Y
I don't even know if gen-y is still
considered sitter to thing yeah no harm
to have the baseball bat
what's the few of the zombies you can
kill and still beat the game I don't
know I haven't done much pointless
zombie slaughter and you can see I'm
just running through them thud so
there's probably someone out there who's
try to know zombies killed run I don't
know
there
do I still hate the Cubs no I just
magically started liking them there's
like me ajik
all race
really all right so slow raise yes
let's just call this time
yeah
race oh wait I got a Oh
oh wait I can't know I got a fuckin
straight
yes
oh there there hold up I see what the
problem is
or I'll weirdly be on this side of the
screen is there stuff there too I don't
know how it's the least possible amount
of my head
all in well she's got a pair of
something
now she doesn't I totally should have
call and I just got a pair now though
don't have a queen I forgot one even had
it's fine it's fine
shit
I just need one of you to be knocked out
and they get it they got to be knocked
out multiple times because they lose an
article of clothing so it's a brave
handle she was a showgirl so it makes
sense I got nothing I know that's a
terrible poker face but they can't see
I call
I for horse I was gonna fold ahead jack
shit
I raise yes time passes as you play
I race
yeah well that was a small right is the
smallest phrase I could do I had to race
I'll call
I'll raise
mmm push
call
all right
yeah
just cuz I'd like to knock him out I'll
call I'll call King Queen
ooh
how many rounds to take unknown
I race
I call I know Katie's gonna need her
fucking Zombrex soon I know
I'll check
you got a Woodrow yeah
I raise
call
Oh
shit's nice take them
yes
Oh
yeah I can afford it
she thought there was no jack tonight
yeah you have no reason not to keep
playing though if I can beat Woodrow why
not
yeah
owned
not any money that it's strip poker
money that's not for money it's for
chips just in case the computer crashes
I don't want to lose that ante up
victory man
not only get it I don't get Cora's hat
gonna put her hat on a well-know had for
me
sorry kiddo time for your medicine no I
haven't bought the night's boots they're
two million dollars I don't have two
million feels like a cheat anyway double
HP
Chuck the rescues coming soon Sullivan
said they'll save anyone at the bunker
at first light there still might be
people out there that we can help if you
can get them back here in time it never
stops
alright I'm gonna take a break I need to
need to use the facilities I'll be back
how'd the kid get bit it happened before
the game actually her mother did it
tragedy
I need a I need a few more Star Wars
cheez-its this is taking its toll man
just gonna see how many tips I got if
there's not a lot there's only a handful
I will read them now
that I see the venom trailer now and I
probably won't like does anybody care
about the venom movie do they I don't
try again it looks like my tips aren't
even loading though
all right let's try one last time to
load up tips kind of a lot yonder yonder
says just cuz I love you guys probably
love to Ali oh thank you yonder yonder
sir dank at the well hi rich
thanks for the impromptu stream to get
me through the last few hours of work
what was creepier to deal with Jack as a
clown or Jack as a priest he seems to
fill both roles a bit too well Jack is a
clone I don't know what you're talking
about
hey dtq ka says just right across the
stream I'm excited good luck rich thank
you Cyrus the mild cold says hi rich we
don't have baseball where I live but so
called soccer football is popular would
you find it objectionable if I sent you
a cap with my hometown soccer team logo
for your collection that's fine you can
do that man
el bozo Grande says I heard you like FTL
why not try adventures in the galaxy of
fence have ulis wonder Taemin oh you
know what why don't I turn off my Dead
Rising 2 game right now and started up
I'm kidding I'm not even heard of it
honestly also heard you like text-based
games why not try trilby notes both
Yahtzee crochet and they're free okay
both by Yahtzee crochet okay I'll look
into it a jack may have already played
it I know he's played at least one of
them I think it's white at least one of
a yacht C's games bass clown Stein says
did you ever notice that the carpet the
casino area has the same carpet as the
shining a slight color variant but the
same pattern interesting
interesting Jack Lemmon says hey rich
thanks for the birthday stream you're
welcome happy birthday Jack come on Ordo
Minnie says rich scoots yourself all
right scoot yourself to the right a
little on the screen goddamn it I'm dead
I'm just a head now Anonymous's have you
guys considered ending half in the bag
for a new show maybe Mike and JB ready a
show hosted the city or something she
seems like they don't really like doing
it's fine they like it just fine what
wait what wait I'll tell you what we
don't like storylines that go on too
long I think I think that's coming to an
end but we might do just you know
standalone episodes but III me me just
speaking for me i-i've never been fond
of the multi-multi show arc always seems
like it gets dragged out too much
none of us says hi thanks for the solo
stream you're welcome
sannen since 1992 sis thanks for all the
entertainment over the years rich to you
Jack and the rest of the red letter
media crew thank you hi Karen sorry
running late I'm doing I told Karen I
was gonna be a while I'm gonna play Dead
Rising 2 today I was gonna play it until
I died and I'm sorry Karen but I I'm
just doing too good and I haven't died
yet I might be another couple hours I
love you I'm sorry
and then the blue prism says next you
should do a thief Gold run I don't I
don't think I don't well not well now we
got a lot more practice I don't think
I'd be able to pull off a no death Efram
okay let's let's finish game up and
stuff
all right um what what do I need to do
what should I do
stuff I should do stuff don't need you
don't need you we're completely done
with the gambling books gambling books
get put away and then we're gonna go get
useful things like health items
now
Oh clearly your hitting you with the
boxing glove
to be fair to the person who didn't know
about that shortcut you actually have to
unlock that one by saving the the girl I
saved in the tanning bed right around
the same time I did the slappy mission
chainsaw
right now we're planning ahead
yeah you bitch the mothers a bitch
a little bit of time to goofer on
they had that in Dead Rising 1 2 and the
case files were over and I was just
dicking around with the military
thank you the real thing on you have a
nice night too
all right
gonna have the couple crowd for this I
never actually got the freedom bear card
I'm gonna rectify that right now I got
time I got time I can go get the freedom
bear card
I have to work in the morning and I
don't have anything pressing in the
morning I mean this shit I'll probably
end up doing but there's there's no rush
we didn't feel bad I used the freedom
bearer without having the card first
hello
what am I trying to do today I'm trying
to have a perfect run of this game and
we're getting there
we're getting there
yes there is a secret combo card but I'm
probably not gonna have enough time to
dig around with that right now
well what's the dead rising when music I
think the volume is a little bit low on
my end here and I want to pick it up on
the mic
goddamnit time for this
Tate murdered I can wait
boom I got time I got time relax I know
the blinking scary but I got time
now I don't I don't think we're gonna
end up going 12 hours
aren't you supposed to be watching TK
didn't want to miss the rescue don't
worry he's not cold
military has come to rescue everyone
games over we did it we did it everybody
we did it
we sky such a fucking stereotype
I know how did the driver die it's fine
it's fine
what the hell just happened zombies
can't take out a military column they
can't
cabinet regular zombies can what
happened what is she thinking
I've gotta go that was the military
rescue we're gonna have to go out there
and find a way out ourselves know
everybody wait a minute there's another
part the standard operating procedure my
understanding is if there's a problem
with the rescue operation there'll be
another attempt in 24 hours if it looks
like there's any survivors what do you
mean you're understanding how far in am
I um 20% 20% in Oh gonna be a long night
firebombing it's the only way to get rid
of them
I have to go get Rebecca Chuck be
careful those things can take the
military
okay
there's this flaming arms and make
ourselves a Defiler a Mayans weapon
first things first tape it or die pull
their asses out of the fire
perfect
does he talk frequently but usually when
I got Jack her if you're if you're just
walking in and have no idea who I am I
normally stream with my friend Jack and
we talked to each other while we play
games usually when I'm alone I'm a lot
more quiet especially when I'm
concentrating because I'm going for
something here for a full complete play
through this game where I don't die in
100% and that we're getting close
we're getting close
I'm a big dumb
makes me think you are I'll take one
okay
I'm really happy
these are the guys we saw earlier
sorry Johnny pipes
oops
oh you kids in your wacky names
don't stop moving guys come on
still there keep going move it
follow me keep it moving come on
like why are the zombies all hard now
because of their zombie gasp can't you
see the zombie gas
it's the reason everything's green now
oh you read that donkey lamp he's using
it as a weapon
keep close
stick with me
stick to me
all right
boh-chan at this point I know everybody
who needs to come with we're good we're
good
don't worry we're good
oh sure I was gonna hit this trees
yeah
let's rise
magazine was had a leadership I'm
grabbing it for a reason I asked
spoilers there's gonna be a couple more
survivors and two of them are gonna have
a limp which means you have to help
carry them and if I got the leadership
book survivors who have some kind of
injury or limp that can't move fast they
move normally so if I have the
leadership book I can grab everybody in
one go
you know what
shoot
although machetes not working so I can't
see chat properly I'm trying to fix that
right now
you're not gonna work are you oh well oh
well connect
yeah there we go
all right
which batted engaging his viewers Evans
you know you don't have to be here man
look I'm having a really good run and
come on man let me have this
are you okay my legs we better get back
to the bunker
anyone there then I got leadership work
let's go you should be able to walk yeah
you can walk all right good
and I she can't bring this gun with him
for reasons Longway
totally going the wrong way
rich reading tips and I really can't
I stopped to read a bunch of once
earlier I might I might read the rest at
the end of the stream probably won't be
that many so probably will
they'll shoot you if you if you have a
gun in your inventory
alright see normally this other guy here
he's he's limping or know him he's
limping but it'll be it'll be fine
because I got the leadership book stop
shooting me yes we still have the
perfect run going so far yeah
I just got a speed upgrade I'm chugging
how's it going I might tire you a little
bit nature the beast I guess
what happened to the zombies out there
they went berserk Chad I don't consider
caffeine a drug Dead Rising 3 perfect
run any time soon no incidentally at
this point in order to have a perfect
run all I have to do is stay alive and
finish the story
survivors are all done death is
certainly possible yeah there's some
there's some difficult stuff coming up
and the very end of the game I don't
know how to cheese it like I did with
Dead Rising 1 I just have two outs kill
the game so I'm not home free not by a
long shot
yeah one of the first sniper I ran
across almost killed me
I was down to one glowing health block I
didn't play it safe though I went on the
attack and won so yeah cool it was fun
no no death my spit
the door it's been briefed uh-oh
those zombies and the safely
all right get the things gotta get the
things and fix the door I presume these
survivors can die in this section which
would suck god I must have gotten one
last speed upgrade I am moving so
fucking fast right now
where is it
but first drew me to Dead Rising
previews of the game the first game just
sounded really need
safehouse is secured look at all the
zombies secured my ass game take place
all in one day
for days they think
TK got bit
I knew I was sitting by the door you
gotta give me Zombrex Chucky and you
gotta move we oughta toss him out there
with his own kind let him tear each
other to pieces he hasn't turned yet why
some people are just more resistant to
the infection than others I can set you
free man
you gotta help me how long does he have
I don't think until he turns Chuck
the time it takes you to turn into a
zombie is is variableness Dead Rising 1
was well over a day for Frank
he'll get everyone this is the story of
the century
well no one's gonna hear it unless we
get the hell out of here there's more
going on here than just a heist first
the gas and now this no T keyframe
shocked and started the outbreak but
there's no way he could access the media
with that lie that we're all dead and he
couldn't order a military fire bombing
is bigger but don't go making it worse
and start making things up Rebecca look
at the video during the rescue why
didn't she call the helicopters in the
first place that's a damn fine question
yes
whoa buddy those tunnels are gonna be
crawling with thousands of those gas
zombies whatever they going down there
is just plain suicide we don't have a
choice now we all got choices boy Oh
with you now you take it easy for a
while you've got your story
yes this game is about family
not to be fair chucks been pretty lucky
so far so they should be worried about
him going back on I mean you know come
on come on man
oh yeah I don't want to forget that good
point
you end up with the redhead or the Asian
at the end that's a fantastic question
if if you don't know only if you don't
know you know what take bets take bets
on it
let me fun
with the face
how the twins fight go pretty smoothly
those trouble I had with a boss was the
first sniper so then Brandon Brandon
fights a real bitch but the sniper very
nearly did me in
I did save the tiger the tiger
disappears after you would give Katy all
of her gifts because I guess the tiger
is considered one of Katie's gifts
yeah
yeah I want something ranged yeah I'll
go get that gun
should you go to bed no maybe another
hour I'm gonna say our let's write down
there anyway
interesting
stop oh yeah
coffee creamer cure for everything
there we go that's what I need all right
where's the nearest fucking maintenance
door
yep right here we're good we're good
fucking impressively game zombies Oh
my growling stomach audible I had lunch
at noon haven't had dinner
oh fuck that's a ways away
that's better
where are they going that's where are
they going not trying to solve it just
try to sell soon
what is the mystery of the zombies
that's where we're at in the game what's
the big what's the big deal what's the
mystery what's going on what's the plot
they're ignoring you because they're
drawn to this thing
yes they're harvesting bees this whole
thing is a catch-22 the zombies are
harvesting zombie bees so they could
make Zombrex to give it to people who
might turn into zombies but they need
more zombies to get more zombie bees to
make more Zombrex yes they're using the
gas to get the bees to mature faster yes
okay
not much better
while this gun
you'll never make that gun better as
mouse controls
these greens are fully mature things are
going just as predicted what's wrong
with using existing zombies to make ma
the antidote
they're the ones who caused this
outbreak they use TK or they paid TK to
release the zombies DK just used the
opportunity to rob the banks
while rich misses three missed three
times
yeah it's controller aiming though I
hate it
if I could use the mouse it with the
controller in my hand that would be fine
but as it is full on switching like the
mouse with the keyboard and the switch
get in the menus it would be a it would
be a hassle PC port of Dead Rising 1 you
don't have to like toggle whether or not
you're using mouse or controller it's
there all you can use them both at the
same time so I'll frequently just have
the mouse sitting next to us to be
moving with the controller but I just
reached down to grab the mouse to aim
and dead rising one
it's totally doable the keyboard um I'm
not doubting it's doable of a keyboard
right now it's a matter of what I'm used
to I'm used to playing the Dead Rising
games with a gamepad it's just what I'm
used to
yeah yeah
- my god - here he's fucking quiet
badass
this game has a lot of plot holes yeah
I'm not gonna doubt that like I'm not
gonna argue against that actually right
before we go
that anymore oh I don't eat that anymore
we're ready to go
let's do this
which might have a problem okay
painkillers rich is not taking chances
because he has a perfect deathless run
going and why takes stupid chances get
on the waterslide I did it earlier am I
tired o night all by Nature so I'm not
tired not not like sleepy tired but this
is a lot to go through at once
yeah I don't I don't know that I'm gonna
make it to level 50 I don't I don't
think that's gonna be a thing I have
before I know it's possible but I'm not
gonna do it now
what is her uptime how many times have
beaten this game less than Dead Rising
one but five
it's behind everything okay so we end up
with all the way I found this down there
to help
the redhead the answer is the redhead
Stacy
goodbye Rebecca Chang ace reporter
Rebecca Chang
corpse isn't even in the room look at
that are there scared oh you're scared
they've been through so much you've got
to save them Chuck
what is it
oh this is nice actually not the first
time I've beat Dead Rising 2 no death
but certainly the first time I've done
it stream and first time I've had like a
perfect game at least with all the side
missions - I've saved everybody and beat
it with no dad but not while doing all
so all of a little survivor request
yep
yeah and in one sitting yeah
I don't I have not done this without
pausing and I don't mean like the pause
menu
somebody posted a plug I know that's
coming
no I have made level 50 starting level 1
it's doable I don't think I'm gonna do
it this time but it is doable
well they call the yeah that'll do
nicely
that'll do nicely
dear to ambient music versus dear one
ambi music uh it's not bad in DRC girls
take dr1
hey they say this is not the time
so you're behind this
this awesome games done quick you do
know I've been streaming for 11 hours
right
take a look a Dead Rising to the last
day you can't end a little bit early
nope nope jackass
I don't want to fall in that hole
whoa what the fuck was that
Wow
Sullivan's more dangerous than I thought
nope
oh he got hit with a pump I didn't even
I didn't even get this luck killing blow
in he got hit with a bomb that was scary
that was motherfucking scary
I'll take it
channel 6 Action News this is Chuck
green you want the scoop of a lifetime
there's a bunker full of survivors in
Fortune City and I've got the proof of
what happened here I need rescue
choppers
by the way you'll notice you know Chuck
green usually has a pun when he killed
somebody they did that pun ahead of time
when he leaves the security room to go
track down Sullivan he says don't worry
he's not getting out of here in one
piece
hey they pre pundit it was a pre pun
when ladies and gentlemen we've done it
no no no chat we ain't done jack shit we
ain't done jack shit yet
to
yeah we're about 30% done
Oh
I need some Star Wars Jesus strange
thing is they taste just like Jesus
can I stood up I'm fine
I'm fine
yes they're a still gameplay
said I'm not acting excited because I'm
not done yet there's more game filled
the sound
how's that
why are you really worried about baby
all right let me know if you're hearing
this
okay you hear that's good good
all right overtime mode here we go it's
gonna serve me well
shit lot of quick steps I'll be fine
actually you know what I used a lot
maybe I should make a few more all right
that's not unreasonable
we don't we don't just go straight to
the boss fight anyway so
boxing gloves a little bit less useful
to me now is there anyone left to save
your daughter and love interest the two
most important people other than that no
like
go to the pool bar now we're good
where's it's in here I just have to go
in a little mini fetch quest then we'll
be done worse something in the pharmacy
over here I go out there not really
anything over here is that
wait that's not I wanted to go dumb
why shucks to like that no it's not but
I still have to pay for the things
that's weird
oh no there's there's a dude there
dinah meat not gonna goof around we're
gonna this quick
we've been streaming long enough more
than long enough
so I have no idea why he wants some of
this stuff what's it's TK having me get
a gift basket for that there's no payoff
for that no payoff for that
lab coat why why yeah that works
does anybody been here since the start
of the stream you have well Magus I'm
impressed
where is it Rizza I know it's here
somewhere
where is it
where's the entrance I'm looking for
that's
what is the current mission I am going
on TK's fetch quest so that I can
confront TK but you got to go in the
fetch quest first no good reason why you
just do man
that rising ones overtime mode was also
a fetch quest but at least things you
got there was a reason for them
she needed these things to make the cure
I need a Bunsen burner and I need a
magnifying glass I think she would need
the mid sense this we're just we're just
collecting random crap it's fine oh wait
we glitched or something that'd be stuck
down here
why would you need a Bunsen burner with
a magnifying just general tools for
science lady to work on stuff magnifying
glass to see things I had whatever small
things it made some amount of sense did
so she needs a lab coat well she didn't
need the lab coat you didn't need a lab
coat in Dead Rising 1 this is entirely
different game
okay
it's telling me this wedding I'm not
sure how to get down there for there for
sure
let's do this
all right
best way
Oh for fuck's sake that made me lose my
ride
whoo
yeah one way or the other Chet we're not
getting to 12 hours this will end in the
eleventh hour
oh where you gonna go
huh weird
the lights work now
I have a horn
yes
yes
yes it's a hamster ball for people and
all said and done don't get out there we
go
yeah I could grind zombies to try and
get the level 50 but I think we all want
to go home
how's it going well it's going well
we're almost there
no way to choose this
was this guy this is the guy that framed
you for releasing the zombies for
starting this is also the guy that tried
to rob the casinos once all the cops
were zombified and since we foiled all
of his plans now he just wants revenge
he didn't give him the Zombrex would you
not get this ending no no you'd get a
lamer ending which actually is arguably
the canonical ending
fucker can't use well you you lose
everything from your inventory the shit
I could pick up around here but
props
but I can't avoid that shit my way TK I
need to save Katie
where the fuck did you get that
whoa
man you fucked
that was the day I was pretty nice fight
I guess I I liked dead rising one more
but this might actually be my favorite
boss fight in the series maybe boss
character is Adam easily but that's a
good battle Oh perfect
I mean I am now the Dead Rising master I
have mastery of the only two Dead Rising
games that matter oh there was some
thrilling moments in there there really
were
I remember no one to hold him almost
miss that one no I got there in time the
perfect run oh shit not as exciting as
spinning the boss to death but very
satisfying very fucking satisfying
yes so watch your heroes walk off into
the sunset poker was the best part of
the night
that's interesting
I'm not I'm not gonna argue with you
about that but I find it interesting
that with one of the most entertaining
parts to watch what yeah I know there's
a screamer
fuck
fuck stream on Wednesday uh let me talk
to Jack and find out what's going on for
Wednesday I didn't know it was
Valentine's so let me I'm gonna fine I'm
gonna find out I'm not sure
yes these are the real credits
I'm kind of curious what my final level
is gonna be that's not gonna be fifty
whatever
whatever I have tips
set a sense 992 I don't remember if I
read this one or not but that's fine
I'll read it again if I did so thanks
for all the entertainment world of the
year's rich to you Jack and the rest of
the relative red letter media thank you
the blue prism says next you should do
it
Heath gold run I don't I would need a
lot more practice before I could do
thief death necklace and for another
thing I don't I don't know that a
marathon a thief would work this that
game is too much too much of that game
is just patience and sitting around and
waiting and sitting around and observing
patrols and finding the best time to
make your bull
at 101 says I am sorry wrench the Dead
Rising to run does not count
we used a weapon to beat the boss let's
go again next week no I'm sorry that's
totally legit he's he's using a spiked
microphone thing it only seemed fair
and of a BB song
come back it looks like which did he did
he did indeed do it perfect runner
perfect
showing my mastery at this game now
plague getting over it I'm never gonna
be getting over it it's not that I don't
think I could it's just
I simply can't get over
please upload the full video to YouTube
I think 12 hours is a bit extreme it'll
it'll probably be in three parts and
that's fine that's fine all right let's
see what what what level did I make it
to 49 hey you know I'm taken I could
have I could have done it I had a lot of
time to grind so I easily could have
done it
49 I'll take it Oh
let's read some subscribers okay we got
we got Kamel 1913 rebel of old foot boom
double-oh-seven Checotah Maddie McPhee
bird Maddie MacPhail the king of the
bridge ittsan juju no L da go wah go
poco poocho l-drago waggle poocho dwarf
uncle for 17 months in a row Maru Maru
live Kirk Linden
this is so weird without alternating
with Jack have just be reading one after
the other
I think that's weird that's fine Kirk
Linden Gore animation the crispy boy ha
ha zero says thanks to prereq and rlm
love your content by the way rich is
there any good stealth game besides
theif you can recommend
- love the first three thief games
what's it called mark of the ninja it's
a - you probably left hours ago
but you might you might see this
eventually mark of the ninja it's a 2d
stealth game that works fantastically
also for the XCOM equivalent of stealth
there's invisible ink both by the same
company oddly enough those are my
recommendations
Rexie copter zero also oh you know also
you probably know about this but
dishonored I mean that's kind of goes
that saying it's kind of the spiritual
successor to thief so I'm assuming you
know about dishonored Edgar Allen Poe
for 19 months in a row says everyone
loves a rich soulless dream thanks for
all the good hours of entertainment
you're welcome
daylight Daleks I think is there an
eiephant I'm I can't I can't even see
fucking straight right now
Daleks says hello they're rich we'd just
like to say that you're fat JK I love
you bye bye
I'm ticking a mood can't be snippy about
that that's a good mood Barbossa 1004 17
months in a row Shogun 94 Monkeyman
Strikes Back says you know what they
always say rich if at first you don't
succeed at a Dead Rising 2 no death run
keep attempting on keep attempting one
until your fans are bidding on your
ashes okay then Darb Steen a friend herb
stone for 13 months in a row Waggin
Waggin
seek ovum man hook dot one snug bug 11
Sulli HD somebody hiding I think it's
high in hyd Sully hid dude somebody hide
Zano is for 17 months in a row rut
Czar's
everything you've heard about the now
only renovated Fortune City Nevada
the attracts Green true this is the
attract screen Dead Rising 2 things
happen the plays when the games just
sitting there for a while are you hungry
for adventure
explode your senses
you can risk it all with cutting-edge
competition
lose your head or just maybe your heart
open yourself up in Fortune City okay
leave off Valar morghulis Margolies it's
fine
Creighton Christ says thanks rich you
bug them hearty culprit states of unrest
jump city jump city rental max oh no it
not coos oh dear Tesla nuclear winter Oh
three the fuzzy Oh 101 dis dat seven
Queen of the One Ring says thanks for
the fun stream and for keeping me
company while hubby is out drinking with
his man Herriman PS monthly reminder to
primers that you have to manually resub
every month thank you pen man 92
exploding waffle aid Bertha Jimbo
vice-versa man for 17 months in roses we
have to stop meeting like this space
alien super cocaine for 21 fucking
months in a row and hyper star tase says
watching since 2016 should have sub back
then congrats on the run rich thank you
thank you very much I'm gonna go home
and fall asleep now
