Jan 3, 2018
Dead Rising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoO7F9QSX0o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUPgmV9yP1k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/948656176501321729

[Part I]
we'll say happy happy Honda days no
happy hundred no not happy Honda days
are you a Honda man Jack I just I just I
saw that somewhere someone wished
someone else everybody else a happy
Honda days and I was like that's funny
so I say that now so you're back it's
been weeks it has been I feel weeks I
feel like I've been gone for months even
though it's just been two weeks I think
yeah but I'm back I landed literally
like an hour ago
I landed I've been flying all day and
you're not exhausted for some reason I
like I feel good like I feel fine my
guess is like halfway through the stream
all of a sudden you you're gonna look
over and I will be asleep I'm just gonna
be dead like I've forgotten the laptop
already that's under the bench but no
I'm actually feeling really good had
some good flight say I had a really
bumpy flight today yeah dad what had one
decent flight but one very bumpy plane
it was oh it was actually like scary
bumpy too that would drive me nuts you
know it is it is what it is I'm sorry
but hate flying love flying it gets you
to where you want to go but faster yeah
but there's a risk of falling on the
ground a very long way sure uncontrolled
matter you know there's a there's a risk
of dying of a heart attack any day of
the like boom boom don't forget to get
eggs I go grocery shopping after after
I'm done tonight so yes remind me to go
get eggs remind me to cook grocery
shopping it'll be great and as I started
to tell rich this story I'm with that
without a doubt every trip that I take
in an airport there is a fan encounter
and now this one actually turned out to
be like it wasn't a fan encounter but it
was there
so we're actually in the Bahamas we're
in another country in the image in the
customs line you know you got recognized
in the fucking Bahamas I believe I did
okay there was there was no official
like hey are you Jack right there's none
of that there was not the official
recognition what there was was a dude
and his girlfriend maybe looking at me
and pointing at me and giving that look
and I don't know how I can best describe
this to people there's a look that fans
give us the like I think that Patrick
Stewart right it's the I think I know
that person look you know there there is
a definite look and you can tell right
away when someone knows who you are at
least I can look a bald man troll I
think that's where it starts like hey
that's a bald man class that kind of
looks up oh is that is that is that and
and see that's where I really kicked in
cuz like these people were pointing at
me and like going like this and we Pat
you know like we're in the line for the
for customs right we're through security
but that now this is the line way if
they like give me a passport no no I
don't have anything to declare no fresh
fruits and so we passed each other a
good three or four times in that line Oh
what happened I'm trying the game so oh
oh yeah my soul oh I had the game audio
up I don't talk as much oh they're
getting pretty good oh good for me
that's good that's good
so in any case to end my story I kept
like as I would get closer to these
people in line I could see them try to
build up the the courage or the gusto
yeah to ask me something maybe they
didn't feel like it like I'm there with
my family maybe they didn't they didn't
want to like intrude but I could see I
could see it in their eyes like every
single time offense and it never
happened and and we were actually even
on the same flight from our my first
flight out we were on the same flight
and nothing happened just just go to the
Renaissance Fair if you want to get
noticed I do I don't want to get it's
never failed here's here's what I will
say
in the airport ah my my aunt and some
cousins were there
yeah and I would have loved to be right
who doesn't know you're not full of shit
someone who doesn't necessarily know
what I do and then also if someone goes
hey you're Jack I know you I like the
things you make I'm letting you go back
to your extended family gonna see see my
nephew makes weird videos we should get
a real job
no people like what me and what I do
so unfortunately like I kept on waiting
I kept on waiting for the encounter to
happen in front of my extended family
and it's not unfortunately
so no that's yeah that's it that's the
only story I have from this vacation
that's it no other stories that's that's
your only story it's pretty boring Wow
well I got probably got another few more
minutes before the game finishes
downloading oh we should probably just
talk or say we should probably sit in
silence while the game finishes down no
I've so there's so much to talk about
I've seen movies and read books and and
and did things what do you guys want
what do you guys want to talk about you
want to talk about bright did you watch
it no oh my god you should watch it yeah
it's the dumbest thing I've ever seen
okay
it's so dumb rich um I got to see I
finally saw a baby driver oh yeah which
which is pretty darn good
obviously the much-hyped baby driver the
much-hyped baby driver I finally watched
is a lobster remembered like James
rocking the lobster that's it it's just
the lobster the lobster I don't remember
this Jay was talking about this like two
years ago on stream this is this weird
little indie movie huh it's actually
like it's a really neat premise it's
overall it's a very good movie though
it's it has some writing tropes that I
don't much care for yeah the everyone's
dumb
but me trope okay okay but the premise
is really neat in this society it's it's
kind of like an alternate reality yeah
you you need a couple yeah I remember
this now and if you're not in a couple
you have to go to the Institute and if
you can't find a match in the Institute
you get turned into an animal
yeah of your choosing but it knows it's
a very good movie and it's a it's a very
the it's a very strong direction like V
the writer has something to say in this
movie I think what they have to say is a
little trite but it's a really good you
turn into a lobster that's this by the
way that's exactly what no no like face
it you know like the the Institute is a
is an allegory for like traditional
relationships and then he goes and then
he escapes and he finds like the singles
and even though the singles don't have
all the arbitrary rules that the
coupling place has they have their own
arbitrary and strict rules and so
they're kind of they're kind of the same
thing even though they're opposite okay
and everyone's dumb but me and anyway
it's very good it's a very good movie no
there's no that was mild spoilers and
the movies two years old at this point
does to ease those what do they turn you
into in the singles club place do they
also turn you into an animal no they
like I said they have a different set
they have a different set of arbitrary
rules
Jacky's know jack is not drunk jack is
jack has been flying in airplanes all
day I think that's why they think you're
drunk I might sound a little drunk but I
assure you I am sober so
so anyway I've watched so much I was
really excited because because I went
down and yeah one of the things that one
of the things I was most excited about
is you know right before we left on
vacation bright came out yeah and bright
sounds like a really interesting premise
for those who don't know bright what do
you need just watching the vine down in
here oh we sure you guys want talk about
baby driving first we can talk about
baby drive first that's fun
before we get on to bright we can do
whatever we can do whatever you guys
want we get we just talk we could talk
about whatever shit you won't
yeah like before I saw so before I saw
Brighton I saw a bunch of like my like
you know the headlines of a bunch of
reviews for it and it all was
overwhelmingly negative for the bright
yeah and it's not the worst movie ever
but it might be the dumbest and it's
it's overall it's just it's bland and
it's very it's bad you know it's a bad
movie but it's not bad in a very
interesting way it's not bad in an
exciting way it's just kind of bad yeah
unfortunately but Will Smith it's a
movie it's a Netflix original movie and
Will Smith plays a cop who is whose
partner is an orc because in this world
of Bright's things like magic and
fantasy exist somehow but it's also just
modern-day earth as we know it but like
thousands of years ago there was like a
big battle versus the Dark Lord uh-huh
and the orcs chose the side of the Dark
Lord and now everyone hates the orcs and
so because everyone hates the orcs they
are kind of like a sit-in for like a
Latino Street gang it's weird man okay
and there are elves there are elves too
and with the the the LA Police
Department hires its first orc and he's
partnered with Will Smith and no one
likes orcs man
no one likes him but Will Smith's gotta
be his partner it's a diversity hire
situation okay okay I'm higher the first
orc this is the Matt landok movie this
is the orc movie okay we've written
written by max Landis and by the way
also this is the first max landis movie
I have ever seen
yeah I have not seen any of his other
movies the only one I've seen is that
Chronicle Chronicle that I like Oh a
chronicle everyone says it's the one you
should why do you watch crying fuck is
this yeah and so it's just it's
ham-fisted social commentary it's its
tone that is all over the place if you
watch the trailer what'd you find what'd
you find out in the trailer so this is
no spoilers everyone we find out in the
trailer is that what they come across is
a magic wand and what they see in the
trailer is a magic wand is like an atom
bomb that grants wishes because in this
world magic is real yeah and so if you
fan or m'l human found a magic wand it
could be incredibly destructive oh sure
sure
oh so it's not okay for a second I'm
just really confused like wait like an
atom bomb that works like a blob I was
really confused for a second there right
no no it's just like a normal wand but
like like Genie level dangerous like
Genie level dangerous exactly and so
Will Smith and his or partner find this
magic wand and then everybody in the
world wants it but you know and they got
to protect it or something you know it's
it's it is shocking like it's that's an
unique premise I feel that's a unique
premise and it's interesting and it was
handled very poorly it is but not
interesting bizarre what was it pork I
think it has to do with the direction of
David Ayer do you know anything about
David Ayer well he's done actually a lot
of good movies too and apparently this
is something I did not know about David
Ayer he has a ton of like his all of his
early movies revolved around like
like gritty police versus gang stuff
because David Ayer used to be in a
street gang like straight up from the
streets and so he has a very unique
perspective when it comes to police
officers and their relationship with
gang members right that's right he wrote
training day and end of watch he
directed end of watch and he might have
written that too but so you have this
director who takes police versus
gangsters very seriously and gritty and
realistic and hardcore and they're
protecting a magic wand and it doesn't
quite fit I think you know it sounds
like they were going for that kind of
contrast sure it just doesn't quite work
I've played this a few times it wants to
make sure the game doesn't know the game
doesn't know what you know this true
that's true
anyway there and there's a bunch of like
very specific reasons why the why the
movie doesn't work but I don't want to
get into any sort of spoilers because if
they just come out of okay so we won't
get into too many spoilers but yeah 

>Rich: So...why do people hate the flying Leia?

Jack: Is that a thing?

Rich: Yeah. People despise that scene. I don't like the movie, as you know.

Jack: I do know that about you, and I like the movie.

Rich: But I don't understand the hate for that particular bit.

Jack: Oh. "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" talk, by the way. Happening right now. Uh, spoilers are over because it's been weeks...right?

[Crosstalk]

Rich: Because...because it's dumb. isn't everything a Jedi has ever done...dumb? Like, how does it do different from Snoke levitating people from across the galaxy, or, or, or Luke's, uh, force hologram from the other side of the universe. How is that any dumber than any of the other shit Jedi's do? 

Jack: Here's what I will say, Rich. I understand both sides to it. You know...uh, I agree, like, it's, it is, it's a magical moment. It's, I don't think it is a hundred percent dumb. I do think it looks silly.

Rich: Uh-huh.

Jack: You know why? She's got a hand out. She' fl-...she's, you know, on a wire...

Rich: Jedi's do stupid, random, whatever the author wants them to do, all the time.

Jack: Yes.

Rich: Literally, all the time.

Jack: But you have to admit, it looks a little silly.

Rich: No!

[Jack laughs]

Rich: I mean, compared to Luke Skywalker's ghost, or the Phantom Menace sprints, uh...

Jack: Oh! Oh wait, we're counting prequels?

Rich: Anything a Jedi has ever done -- Jedi's do stupid shit all the time.

Jack: If we're counting prequels, absolutely. Jedi's do stupid shit all the time. All of a sudden, they can move fast for some reason. 

Rich: You can argue that the floating Leia is the most tasteful time they've ever done Jedi's doing stupid things. 

Jack: Here's the thing. I get it. Um, I, I do think it looks silly. But also, if you think about it from a practical filmmaking point of view, uh, to anyone who thinks that that looks silly, here's what I'm asking you to, to think about: How do you visually show that Leia is pushing herself? 

Rich: The way they did it!

Jack: Right. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. And I'm, I'm saying the filmmaker needed to show that Leia was purposefully moving herself back towards the ship, and you do that by extending a hand and show her Superman-flying. I think that's how you do it, at least. That's the only way I could think of, or that's why I think they made that distinction.

she was pulling her yeah right well that
was the thing so she was that text by
that was Karen updated my sick my sick
beta at home is not moving that's great
uh don't get it on I like that Batum oh
that's nice we first got him and it's
been a little tiny bowl for the Lord
knows how long no I sell those stupid
things right we float in his little Bowl
him the new tank we put him in a fifteen
gallon tank and second he sees that he's
going at a big tank and just running
around real fast and uh a little tiny
jar he was in so here's their free beta
he's got a lot of personality he was
very happy he is very happy sure great
so soon after we we got him Karen what a
way to visit her mother for a few days I
stayed home and I didn't I didn't I
couldn't find the damn beta like I
couldn't see him of the tank really and
I I went I went looking for him I just
taking everything out of the tank
digging around and I don't find this
bait up and we got where this big rock
on the tank and I guess it's I didn't
know what it's like a howl without oh
okay I had that and I was like lifting
that out of the tank he's reaching
around digging for it I put her back in
the rock on his head pops out like what
the fuck just happened this little fish
head comes out of the the cave and I put
it back in the waters like Oh howdy and
he goes back in the cave and he was like
how did I do that your fish thinks he's
a Jedi rich and he thought you had pop I
just temporarily left the universe as I
knew it he fell into space if you had
any fish friends they would never
believe him he's like guys I just got
abducted
has been eating I'm very sorry why he
has wedged himself up by the heater to
stay warm but he's roaming around
sweating better great
so in case people rich people are
looking for excuses to hate this movie I
really think that I wasn't looking for
excuses I just I'm not saying you are
looking for a surgeon I'm saying people
in general are looking for excuses and
if they didn't like let's say you just
didn't like it for story reasons or
character reasons right then you start
looking for reasons to add on to that to
make a clear and concise case maybe and
so then people who are like oh you know
like you can't because even though a
real person could say oh I just didn't
like some of it right I was just I just
thought the lay a complaint was weird I
saw that like yeah Jenna's doing
something stupid oh no and you know to
me I really liked I really liked that
moment because I I had assumed I think
like everyone else that that's where
they were gonna kill lay out because
they'd said they weren't oh yeah but you
said I don't pay attention to me that
stuff so I don't know so like I saw that
I go oh the here's where lay is gonna
eat it what a powerful moment Kyllo
chose not to drop the bomb but she's
still gonna die oh wait and then you
know it's like Oh neat something I
didn't expect in a movie that's fun
that's fun
doesn't sound like civil disobedience
it's too quiet
everyone's already whoa it's so true
everyone's already dead Hey oh my there
are tips here let's see here Humberto
cabbage patch says tomorrow in Boston
we're getting what they call a bomb
cyclone so if this is my last stream
thanks for the memories that have you
watched black mayor season four yet
a bomb cyclone and they've predicted him
cyclone that just explodes after it
comes into town or a cyclone that
suddenly appears we're like a cyclone
that like went through an explosives
Factory and there's just bombs swirling
around the cyclone that sounds like it
also cyclone puts sharknado to shame
that's the next sharknado movie is the
humans have to join with the sharks oh
shit what I should have film you're
supposed to get new film after the
little opening bit yeah but I did not
know I don't know I don't know why not I
usually do what I always do
was there glitch apparently oh I guess
there's not much point to my taking
photos in the lobby level up well not a
huge deal it's mildly irritating that's
fair that's fair
that's fair what the general audience is
so picky I don't think the general
audience is so picky at all by the way I
just think there's a it's it's easier
than ever to gain access to everyone's
opinion about everything I think as far
as general audience is concerned the
last Jedi has already made over a
billion dollars and it hasn't even
opened in China yet so general audiences
I think are gonna be fine with it
they've already paid to see it doesn't
matter
I think I know this is too rich epic
Jason but I mean no man what's the
question do you think that there's some
kind of de-evolution when it comes to
films nowadays they just keep getting
increasingly Dumber each year and argued
they were Dumber in the 90s when CGI
first took off and they thought that's
all they needed to do just throw some
CGI in there yeah I would argue movies
were dumber yeah they were pretty damn
dumb they were pretty damn dumb man you
there's there so much good shit out
there in the world there is so many good
movies being made right now I
occasionally make movies I like this
recent decade or two you know it happens
you know guardians are at Mad Max in
there you know it's just the thing
I think your problem is you're a star
Wars fan you can't win
damn gobbledygook yes it did to show up
I'll get to it no I mean I think I think
I'm gonna have this conversation with
the chat yeah
there you know it like the Empire and
the original Star Wars like two of the
best movies ever made okay then you
follow that up with the prequels three
of the worst movies ever made young and
by comparison like every Star Wars film
is doomed to mediocrity those are the
those are your two standards for Star
Wars something that helped define an
entire genre right and something that
was the worst movies ever made sure sure
oh wow hey usually good good amount of
free like twenty thousand worth of free
experience points this section oh I
wonder if that was something that always
bothered I can't come I had no because I
played the I've played a little bit of
the PC version before and did it worked
as normal I don't think they changed
anything except for the resolution
interesting
why pictures you get experience for
taking photos with interesting things
going on and when the lobbyists will get
zombies who are eating people
I can I can I can squeeze a lot of free
experience points out of that yeah
taking pictures of it no jack trigger
jars I don't know about that because I
was too young when Empire came out to
notice things like that dr. joy says
wasn't the Empire Strikes Back not liked
as much when it first came out I was too
young to notice how popular mainstream
media reacted to it when it hit home
video though it was gangbusters that's
that's when I saw it so
I don't know I don't know how is
originally received that would be an
interesting comparison them how critics
you know of course there are now 10,000
times as many critics right but it would
be interesting to see how critics took
in Empire Strikes Back
is that true P out drag is is confirming
that critics and fans were disappointed
by Empire I have no I have no concept I
was far too young
I can't get this take it the experience
for taking pictures but I can get the
free early shotgun oh my god so many
people are dying fuck this up too bad
I got a pickup pimp get out get out
did you die I'm gonna make it goddamn it
you did
well game rivo said critics loved it
audience not so much didn't see it as
many times or time no deathrun i never
try to die well congratulations
fine everything's fun I never try to die
all right well you know what Humberto
cabbage crush might be talked about with
that bomb cyclone there is going to be a
super ice storm tomorrow along the east
coast yeah
I've I have some more family who are
flying who are flying back tomorrow and
all of them are now trying to find like
places to stay because flights are being
canceled and delayed so there is a super
storm coming tomorrow and if you are on
the East Coast heads up heads up mother
truckers Rick what Star Trek TV show is
the worst that you've attempted to say
Enterprise just cuz I gave up on it so
early okay that's very that's fair that
said I'm not particularly fond of
discovery right so then then Voyager
you know like it's tough because Voyager
has a lot of episodes and so like you
can ride the wave and there's a lot of
bad but there's some good but a lot of
inconsistencies right enterprise I also
didn't I didn't watch any of enterprise
and discovery just doesn't have the
episodes for a just comparison
people tell me Enterprise gets better
near the end
I've never maybe I should give it
another chance but I don't know so so
Enterprise discovering Voyager Deep
Space 9 series yeah and I'm gonna go
ahead even though I I don't think as
highly of Deep Space nine I probably put
Deep Space nine No More Center it's
different like I said coming you know
coming from it doesn't feel quite so
much like a traditional Star Trek show
but then again neither does discovery
and that shows just kind of asked me you
know what maybe I need to give Deep
Space 9 a second viewing now as an adult
now that I'm not coming directly from
next gen I was thinking about it I think
that was a whiplash for me that was too
big of a whiplash as a whole Deep Space
nine might not might have the best cast
of characters yeah out of any of them
maybe that's my next binge when it is
time to binge something
I've never seen any Star Trek what's a
good jumping-off point probably next gen
jumping off for jumping on Jimmy GaN
season 3 of next-gen early next-gen is
pretty bad that's that's arguable yeah I
think you're because it's it's not like
a continuing story you're safe starting
at season 3 of next-gen yeah and then
once you've watched a bit if you like
season 3 then you can go back and check
out the earlier seasons I mean III
usually I like starting from the get-go
but I I'll agree with rich if you're
just the if you just jumping in yeah
season 3 next gen hey Jeff what up dawg
bring this jerk with ticket batteries
from a camera oh yeah pictures there's a
picture I can get with him and his wife
that's worth a lot of points
oh ok ok alright
Magnus loves KC and says I could watch
rich play Dead Rising forever looks like
I probably will know this this is absurd
up there this is one of my favorite
games of all time mm-hmm ya know then
play it love it I'm not gonna be able to
play and talk today so this is it's up
to you man I'm surprised I am talking to
be frank but here we are I put this up
there with your ex comes and you're
dooms Wow yeah that's for the wow that's
big yep
he's such an ugly man I love it that's
yes he's not handsome but handsome
dashing right he has a face that like
you don't want to keep looking at but
you do because it has so much bliss
estimates he's an overconfident jerk
who's foolishly gotten himself stranded
in a mall surrounded by zombies and he
looks like that kind of guy too
look at him he's in over his head he's
in over his head the entire game yep
yeah I like Frank West that's what and
that's what you need you need a hero
who's just slightly and over his head
right what makes die hard one of the
best action movies is he is woefully
unprepared for the situation skin of his
teeth the whole time on the trip we the
family we weary watched the spider-man
homecoming yeah yeah what a great
spider-man movie by the way here he's
completely full of shit because when the
time comes and actually meets up with
the other guy he has no idea how to use
this gun I can handle it I've covered
wars you know that is fully completely
full of shit I love it I love it that's
great oh yeah like the same thing with
spider-man homecoming it's our hero
woefully unprepared at every single turn
and it's great that's what makes for an
interesting here or at least a hero you
know as long as you like the hero I can
aim oh oh I love it
oh my god you're gonna be in headshot
City over here headshot city population
rich I have not seen the new season of
black mirror chat I have not I'm sorry I
hear I mean it's black mirror I'm sure
it's gonna be good I'm gonna watch it
but I've been I've been in places where
internet is not the most consistent
thing
I've been out of the country for the
past week and what little Internet we do
get is is the gosh-darn luxury I think I
want to Jack the sensitivity up a little
bit yeah Jack come to Poland for your
next vacation we need your money I'd
love to I'd love to come to Poland
subtitles own yeah I saw people talking
right oh yeah
atomic mousetrap says They Might Be
Giants have a new album coming out soon
Jack get hype or don't based on your
personal preference yes I'm always
excited for a new they might be giants
music much hype to be had much hype I
think I saw I think I saw that they
might be giants was was doing some sort
of not not a patreon but like a self
patreon situation where they were they
were starting like a They Might Be
Giants fan club but their fan club was
the fans give them money and then
they'll just continue to be they might
be giants and making music and whatnot
level up jelly sicko says rich I want
you to know that I have that pac-man
shirt too
it was a gift and I am afraid to wear it
out in public that's fine that's fine
shirt man it's a fine shirt you don't
need to worry about what other people
think that's like if you like it then
you wear it and if you like it and other
Pete and other people see you wear it
they go hey man nice shirt I like Pac
Man - then you know that that guy's cool
- oh yeah hey you down with pac-man I
climb the fucking stupid there we go
whereas that pic taken from flood no I
was I was in the Bahamas I was in the
Bahamas for a vacation and it was lovely
I sense a little tweet out about you
know streaming and not and I had an egg
with me eggs a kind of a thing and I
took a picture of it I took a picture of
the beach behind me and me holding an
egg and it was great and someone accused
me of photoshopping in like then they
said this clearly Photoshop but you
can't go to the beach and so I so then I
took a gif of me and I moved around so
they knew what they think I needed to
prove where I was where I was you didn't
you didn't need to do jack sheds those
screw those knobs no I was I was just
bored waiting for my coffee to brew and
so like I hadn't time what else is that
gonna be like relax spend time with my
family yeah they were doing other shit
they were doing us yeah Darkwing schmuck
says bottom line for me with the last
Jedi was despite being bloated it was
fun exciting thrill ride of a fantasy
adventure film with likable characters
am I the only one who just wants that
for a star war chicken we have fun
though
I think fun is a weird word to use with
that movie because it's a movie I
enjoyed but I don't know if I
necessarily have fun with it you know I
really liked it but more so I like where
all the characters went there were some
good there were some good times in that
movie exploding spaceships is always fun
but but I I enjoyed the character arcs
of the movie it's one movie that's I
don't know why
fun is also a subjective term that's
true Jill sandwiches yes a reference did
that give you any points yeah look at
this
it's slipping the oil he's gonna try to
get up and he's gonna fall down again
who's the best you know that is the best
I'll be honest with you
because that's something that someone
could completely miss in a playthrough
yeah
but the developers just wanted to make
sure that that was in there in case
someone did it and get a good laugh
that's funny that's great I might be
fairly useful if you threw it on a group
sure sure
Cameron we I'm working on the tips man
settle settle your tits catch up on a
mouth nice loose Jack why don't you go
back on half in the bag anymore what I
was on a twice man I was on that twice
because Mike and Jay asked me to be on
it
if they asked me to be on it again I
might come back it's not my shoulder
y'all I got a lot I got a lot of that
after I made some comments about Star
Wars like why weren't you on behalf of
the bag it's like why don't what you
could say that a hundred times a year
get it together people
and my character was murdered that's
true I just wanted to bring back the
ghost of mailman Tommy we it's not it's
ever been confirmed that he dies too
late at this point to bring back mailman
Tommy you think probably it's been what
five years since your I remember it like
there was one point where either micro
Jay said like hey we want to make this a
reoccurring character like let's you
know like let's bring some family I was
like yeah any time anything well and
then you know you get busy all right can
I stay your stupid stuff here can't
okay here it is anonymous says I made a
song for you rich Evans I think you'll
show great appreciation for it in time
in time that part worries me I guess the
answer would be honest with you yeah
that's fair that's fair I did click on
it it's loaded okay dude eskers I just
watch the stream and now I can't stop
playing it's so aggravating but it is I
love Tuskers I still love dusters oh my
god it's not gigantic sound to that I'm
not getting sound through this what is
that
I'm not getting sound through this and
uh oh here we go
dammit dammit here we go
let's play again
it's a KFC commercial you've given me a
KFC commercial you son-of-a-bitch
you know I can't get it to play I'm
sorry I tried I tried and I can't and
I'm done now
I've given up I'm very sorry
anonymous ok can you figure out how to
play the video or not now I'm this
laptop is also mega busted yeah
nothing works on it it's super broke all
the time so you know alright where we
gobbledygook says Jack it sounds like
you loved the last Jedi so much why
don't you marry rich seem to really like
this I don't know why it was it was just
so juvenile that you liked it that's
fair
that's good let's see tell us how much
money in Star Wars and ciliary products
you will buy in 28t your own $100 $1000
share your superlove jacket I bought
some pours for my kids yeah they like
the pores yeah Christmas port I got some
Christmas pours and that's all the Star
Wars money I've spent so far I've spent
about they don't want anything else
related to the movie or have they even
seen the movie uh well one has one has
the the older one has seen it and liked
it though hit you know what his main
complaint was the porks didn't have a
scene yeah they go they sit and he's
that he goes you know even even those
ice Fox's got their own thing like the
ice Fox's got to like lead everyone out
they got a scene where someone said the
ice boxes I don't think he goes and he's
very serious about this he's like I
don't think anyone even said the word
poor he's 9 you know and says I and that
like that was the most serious thing to
him was was just was not enough pours in
the movie I know how to make money no
you are Disney has been manipulating
children for decades oh my god longer
longer a century a century we're getting
damn close together I was getting close
but have you heard the backstory with
the pores like hair it's interesting
because like everyone you think that the
pores like in in Universal real world
real world I think I know what it was
were there penguins on the yeah yeah and
so everyone thinks that the pores were
like handed down by Disney like put
these in the movie or else but it was
actually a creative decision to paint
over puffiness which which they couldn't
remove from the island for certain shots
yes
a nature preserve yeah so just paint
over something Star Wars II and they
made pours and I think that's neat I
think it's cute bud but yeah he wanted
more ports but overall like to the movie
because he doesn't notice like pores I
don't much care for pores actually I
think they're kind of audible this
screaming whoa you got bombed oh the
transition into first into aiming is
looks really rough
that explained why the pores were not
essential more Vanessa said yeah they
were the it was it's a there's I forget
where the article was but one of the
people were talking about it where you
know they had to decide how they were
going to deal with these puffins because
like they couldn't even like shoo them
away they just had to have these puffins
in some of their shots and so like whole
scenes would have been completely ruined
or they would have had to wait been like
waited extra days to shoot and like I'd
just ryan johnson eventually just said
fucking fuck it leave them in their
paint over them and now there's sad I
know the pores or whatever so you can
have you can have humans in the Star
Wars galaxy but not penguins you need so
no you can't you can't right because it
needs to be something there are humans
there this is not the Milky Way they're
not come from Earth and there are humans
yes
what's it matter if there's also a
fucking penguin you can't have too many
earth things
call them a gang one just got a
different name do they call them humans
and star wars
I don't think do they chattering is Luke
Skywalker considered a human being no
han Solo and all these characters are
they humans
that's a good question or do they give
them like a Star Wars right Terran or
whatever right
who is that did you turn would be just
as wrong since that's just earth oh sure
no you know what that's guardians that
you felt he calls himself a Terran
guardians of the galaxy yeah yeah that's
where I got that from Empire Oh in
Empire Strikes Back apparently cp3 Oh
says sometimes I do not understand human
behavior interesting interesting
alright where were we dr. lube it UPS is
hijack and rich hope you had a good
Christmas and New Year's excuse me
I finished Mario XCOM loved it would
never have bought it if I didn't see you
guys playing it I'm strong so thank you
you're welcome
hope you had a good time yes you know I
know overall my Christmas and New Year's
I'm not planning on going all night
tonight I'll tell you that for sure but
I might I might continue this as a
segmented run sure and how how I topped
the no death run I I don't plan on using
the clown's mini chainsaws the most
powerful weapon in the game I am going
to forego using them entirely I'm not
even gonna pick the fucking thing up the
special the special chain so I'm gonna
use the normal chain saw sure because
that has a lot of drawbacks to its use
right but the special one you get for
defeating the boss not I'm not hmm I
abused the fuck out of that my dog death
Ronnie do you or did I did yeah you did
you you okay well then there you go
that's that is a 1-up right there
I will I will not use what is arguably
the most powerful weapon in the game
nice I like it I like it
that works that's great that works great
that's a great idea
yeah
it's a hell of a handicap I can do it
really
that is great is there anything in the
game that tells you that you get that
then get those experience points no
that's beautiful
just discovery that's beautiful that's
what games need did I happen to binge
any new shows over winter break or was
it mostly just movie catch it mostly
just movie catch up as it as it usually
is movie and book catch up I got I got
uh I got a lovely gift for both myself
and Lisa for Christmas time which is the
a short story advent calendar that this
is the normal chain saw
okay you got to start it up it needs two
hands yeah you drop it constantly Brad
move your fucking ass
so I got this a short-story advent
calendar and the idea is is this one
short story that you supposed to read
every day in December leading up to
Christmas and you know it's one of those
hey take a little time every day and
enjoy something right but as usually
happens I got wooly behind because I had
other shit to do and I ended up not
reading almost anything past the first
week because I just I got too busy and
didn't feel like it so I just took the
whole bunch of books with me on vacation
and it was great just take a couple
little books hang out by the pool catch
up on some reading
it was very nice and it was very nice
besides aiming rich house mouse and
keyboard for this game I think it works
fun yeah I know it can be a little
tricky sometime with third person games
like that
Dinka squat for junior I have officially
abandoned my reading of Oryx and Crake
I've been putting it off for so long I
finally come to the realization that I
just might not like it what isn't
or the Oryx and Crake is a is the first
book in the mad atom trilogy written by
Margaret Atwood most famously now known
for writing The Handmaid's Tale she
wrote the book the Hemings she has this
other book that's set in the post
apocalypse called Oryx or called the mad
Adam okay so she she loves bleak future
she loves hers and gleek futures and so
I was like oh pick up this book sci-fi
everyone's reading Handmaid's Tale now
I'll read this other book and that'll
like lead in The Handmaid's Tale you
know alright and I just kept putting it
down I kept not reading it it was so
slow to start with and like I'm finally
getting to a point where the characters
are actually doing something but I'd
like it's been too long now and like I
forget little parts of it and so I think
I'm gonna give I need to do is to call
Rebecca I think I just need to call it
quits and say hey let's find something
let's find something else I have to I'm
gonna have to be okay with that I'm
sorry yeah
by the end it's a perfect novel it might
be but it's taken a long time to get
there and I've read books like that
before we're like you just hate the
first half of it but by the time you get
done reading the whole thing it's worth
it but those were in my younger days
when I had more free time I ain't got
that now so I gave up on him I'm gonna
pick up something else what are you
doing back there Belle we see we see you
again oh just hanging out behind some
boxes talk they don't talk to me
kaleidoscopic says uh apparently a
bright two has officially been confirmed
by Netflix though max will not be
returning to right okay
the one thing I can mention without
getting too spoilery you know it's been
out for a couple weeks now but it's
still pretty new bright a bright and
they mentioned this fairly early on in
the movie so this is not considered as
far as a bright is a magic user that's
their like code word for a magician
someone who's able to use magic because
not everyone is able to use magic and I
thought that was a really neat thing and
I realized what one of my big problems
with the movie is over all and and
specifically as it comes to this tone
jump problem is you know it's very
serious very gritty and then they talk
about the magic wand right and saying
magic wand and seeing the magic wand is
inherently very silly right and so there
there is almost no way to make that
world meet up unless they had some sort
of code word for the magic wand you know
like it just called the wand just call
it you know call it the device or call
it you know something give it a code
word like you gave to magician and that
and there's a bunch of instances like
that where they talk about like the
dwarves or the orcs or the elves where
you're just like this is silly
everything is so silly in this very
serious movie
could have said the catalyst sure let me
just just don't refer to it as a magic
wand to give it a different name give it
a code name that's what you need to do
in a movie like that if you want to play
it serious if you if you want it to be a
little a little silly then you know
better call it a me
a call for layout
they should have just gone to Hogwarts
right Hogwarts is a whimsical and silly
place so if you have magic wands and
Hogwarts it's fine because you know
children are around and it's a whimsical
and silly place full of silly things
Jack you got me watching dark three
episodes in and it's fantastic thanks
for the recommendation yes dark is where
it's at man
dark is where it's at fine fine Netflix
show so you know actually this is really
interesting so if bright got picked up
for a sequel family right is what
they're saying is what they're saying in
chat that could be completely wrong
right you know not to trust these people
no no but it reminds me of a fun
conversation I got into about what makes
something on Netflix successful versus
what makes like a movie that is really
some movie theater successful right
they're both looking for returns on
their investment yeah it costs X amount
of dollars to make this movie so we need
to make X amount of dollars but the way
Netflix structures how they get their
investment back is very different than
how paramount yes you can directly see
how much money the movie dad made right
they sold this many tickets for this
movie so Netflix what they are looking
for is a certain percentage of viewers
watching and there was someone on the
Twitter awhile back saying like if you
look at what kind of movie this is how
much money it would make in theaters you
know what you're basically looking at is
for 10 million people to watch this
movie and then Netflix would consider it
to be a success but 10 million is only
10% of Netflix's viewer base scree hit
him with a tree decent weapon no I liked
it so for any given property the budget
of bright you are looking to please 10%
of your viewers right which I thought it
was really interesting because that's
what Netflix does really good is
appealing to their niche markets right
stuff likes true it's like stranger
things is not going to appeal to
everyone it's going to appeal to us oh
sure and that's our 10% and the people
who ended up everyone well I think that
crossed over a bit yeah but I like it's
the same reason why they gave Adam
Sandler all of his Netflix original
meals because that would appeal to that
10% of their viewer base and so their
viewer base would think that you know
Netflix is still worth it hey Burt you
dick it out in some flow pathetic that's
what I'm talking about it like it's what
it's all about is subscriber retention
and new acquisitions what is going to
keep your current subscribers and what
is going to bring in new subscribers
because you keep putting out the fresh
products do you have any more and any
interesting continuing on of Phoenix
right they keep asking about it in the
champion
I don't not really there wasn't enough
logic puzzles for me yeah I agree
if you want rich and I could instead of
Phoenix right we could pick up Professor
Layton which is or you know the same
kind of over-the-top dialogue but some
actual legit logic puzzles
you want to do that I love your dresser
lightnings I've played the first game so
you could you could play through the
first game sure yeah great boom Netflix
announced that they will be releasing 80
original films in 2018 I think that's
great I think that's great
we are we are seeing a new wave of
filmmaking a film production and I love
it and I've been saying this for a long
time is we are we are about we are in
the midst of a renaissance of new and
interesting films Amazon is producing
some great stuff Netflix television wise
is getting there and they they'll find
they'll find their footing with movie
audiences I really think they will but
we we are gonna we are about to see a
renaissance of people who are willing to
put out weirdo art house shit because it
will appease 10% of their viewer base
and we should be we should all be really
happy until you know Disney buys Hulu
and that goes away and Apple is
reportedly trying to find Netflix and
then that'll go away and then everything
will go away
meanwhile heel cup blend Lee says
meanwhile the old companies just keep
putting out bland comic book movies that
make billions of dollars those bland
comic book movies that make billions
do-do-do-do-do-do let's see here
Ayatollah of rock and roses Happy New
Year I loved the miniatures in space
copy have you ever noticed in Star Trek
for the device McCoy uses to heal
Chekhov's head injury is the impulse
engine from a TMP Klingon battle cruiser
model kit no that's really funny you
know that was done on purpose are you
gonna lose someone hold the fort with
that shotgun sure you know the off
switch
you know the up switch says we had Logan
last year Deadpool the year before comic
book movies have room for potential and
they're you know they're getting weirder
let's let's hold off and wait until we
see what the New Mutants the the horror
the horror movie coming out soon is
gonna be all about that could you moron
he's getting beat up
whoa whoa nice yeah stick with your
friends Aaron fucking moron fucking
moron
Aaron people complain about the end this
game he's like that deliberately he's
scared he's programmed to be scared
yeah I I i insult Aaron all the time
when I play this game but to be fair his
behavior adds a shit ton of attention
this is the zombie this is the zombie
movie experience you got that one who's
just a fuckup he's just a fuckup that's
getting everyone else in trouble and you
can't handle this shit and you have to
make the choice yeah I could save
everyone else if I just let him go just
let him die it's brilliant people bitch
your product but it's absolutely
brilliant and I wouldn't change it yeah
I'd change mild pathfinding kinda stuff
like they get caught on a stump and
don't know how to get around that well
by the way I'm sure the developers would
change that if it's right if they could
find every stump that they get caught on
they would find that but but characters
like Aaron being a fuckup I would never
change
oh yeah I think I think I remember you
doing this before like having to carry
lay around yeah
oh she's brave she can handle herself
well as she could surrounded by zombies
Aaron cannot even though she can't walk
she has a farmer it's true it's
absolutely true that's great she will
shove them away Aaron just freaks out
right crazy friend of mine
wherever the fuck he is
shit you fucking shit hahahaha
brietta rien take this get some health
back I'm gonna be a frying pan so you
have some you dropped it I gave you the
why didn't you dropped it Aaron what do
you think you're doing just look at my
she can't walk when she's heading there
she's heading to that destination even
though she can't walk she's brave this
is tough and she's got it all going on
man fucking Karen's like fuck this guy
who saved
in a frying pan something I've got
something have a steaming-hot cartoony
frying pan that's great that's great
dr. Luba dev says what movies and games
did you enjoy most last year what movies
and games are you looking forward to
this year what's going out that's always
the question you know off the top of my
head I'll say breath of the wild and
horizon zero dawn I really enjoyed
playing those last year I know it didn't
come out last year but I really enjoyed
playing The Witcher so that's three
open-world adventure games that I
enjoyed playing and that is it I enjoyed
playing no other games dead cells can't
wiggle it's donal yeah you know I've
kind of I've locked that away in my
brain because I'm waiting for it to be
done yeah yeah yeah that's fun you know
I have strong mixed feelings about
player unknowns battlegrounds
with this new replay feature though I
might go back might go back and give
that a chance
Aaron use your pan zombies I'm really
excited about Black Panther that's
coming up soon I really liked that the
filmmakers last movie the the Creed the
Creed movie so I'm really looking
forward to see what he does with a
budget and and with a legit superhero
you know well you know like a boxer a
boxers a strong guy not a superhero but
now he's got a superhero and I like
superhero movies and I like action
movies and he's a legitimately good
director I thought you're thinking about
something along the lines of like and a
meteor man Oh first meteor man that's an
illegitimate hero Blankman Blankman I
love Blankman I love Blankman so much
I've seen Blankman so many times what
was it what was it about in living color
I was trying to think about this the
other day for some reason we were not
allowed to watch SNL in my house but my
mom let us watch in living color
regularly yeah and I have no idea why
that is I've seen that show ages neither
have I but I think that that that
informed a lot of my like comedic
sensibilities growing out in living
color I think so
I watched it when I was very young in
living color came on earlier in the day
so I didn't have to stamp maybe that was
it Jack you had a strange upbringing I
sure did I sure did from for many more
reasons
how's the thing like in living color had
the fly girls
we're something did a lot a lot
see behind a tree away from me making
this very hard so feet listen she's got
shit to do man she's got her own shit to
do it she's not here worrying about you
Oh
Sophie run away
stop what did you think about the
animated Miles Morales movie it's not
out yet into the spider-verse you mean
the the the trailer looks awesome I'm
super psyched
I really like the the animation style
they're going for the art looks badass I
like the idea of the spider verse
because we're probably gonna get some
cool-looking spider-man's I don't like
the idea of the spider verse sure I
think that's fair I'm gonna I'm gonna
give Lord and Miller the benefit of the
doubt they've made some good movies
they've made some good movie choices so
more than anything I guess that's what
I'm looking forward to is knowing that
Lord and Miller are involved in some way
right
so if you ate up a lot of time
fortunately I have some despair but you
had to run to the other side of the
fucking giant park in the middle of the
mall I know why this park is so goddamn
big they wanted to agree they want a
green space they want a green space
what makes Miles Morales different from
Peter lots of things is is he different
than Peter or is he just the black Peter
Park oh yeah both of his parents are
alive one that's it so that's a huge
thing
her currently he is he is a man without
a home as he his earth is destroyed that
that knocks him down on the relatability
scale doesn't it absolutely but no both
his parents are alive like his thing was
his uncle is the Prowler who is you know
kind of a what would you call like sea
level
spider-man villain yeah a while back so
yeah like not a top tier spider-man
villain his uncle's the Prowler and in
the early issues of Miles Morales
spider-man it was kind of a it was kind
of a the uncle helps the family but
everyone knows he's a criminal but he
helps the family a little balance huh
it's not as it's not as cut and dry his
uh his uh his need to be a hero isn't as
cut and dry as Peters which obviously is
so what you're saying is weak or
motivation yeah absolutely weaker
motivation absolutely weaker motivation
like there's some like family like
wanting to put right what my family did
wrong kind of situation and then of
course uh I thought the game froze
no wrong button I didn't me to spit on
your layup that poor woman
that poor woman rich but miles really
picks up as soon as the Peter Parker in
that universe dies spoiler alert because
then he has then he has some some shoes
to fill that he's not quite comfortable
filling and then then you get some
interest he didn't exist until the
ultimate Peter Parker died right no he
existed before them he was on the couch
for yeah yeah yeah yeah he was in he was
in for a bit before then but and Peter
dying and him taking up the mantle is
how he gets the web-shooters Aunt May
Aunt May gives him Peters old
web-shooters well I think of the powers
the how does he get the powers
oh the the Prowler goes on goes on a job
and the job is stealing stuff at Oscorp
and a spider latches on to his bag of
loot and comes back home because you
know he uses the loot to help the family
and miles is there and gets bitten
so yeah Spyder Batum just like Peter and
his powers are also different than Peter
he has the agility and strength mm-hmm
and I think he's a kind of spider sense
it's not as like good as spider-man's
spider-sense but he can also turn
invisible and he has a stunned he is
like a sting okay so he can like stun
you by the way why are we in slow mode I
think we usually go in slow mode when we
start streaming just to make sure
everyone gets a chance to talk spider is
known for their invisibility their
camouflage spiders are known for their
some spiders have that's a stretch some
spiders hats a stretch the ability to
camouflage themselves and adapt to their
surrounding like like wizards some
spiders do was this which one's a my
spider scientists I read the comic books
in the comic book says it's like oh okay
I'm sure some writer did a research or
maybe they didn't I don't know
Thank You encephalopathy deck
who says I'm upset comic books aren't
scientifically accurate it seems like a
weird power to give a spider theme with
character as with the bugs bugs bugs
hide man hey I was I would fix it when
they get bunched up around this stoop
think this time which is nice but
frequently if you have a lot of
survivors yeah they could stuck to each
other down here so they have trouble
getting up here so did you do it did you
rescue her from this game yes I can't
dad anything to them okay let's see here
a strange letter says Lucas gets too
much credit for Star Wars yes but people
are coming around now but do you think
he gets too much credit for being a
smart businessman he could have created
a brand to rival Disney by farming out
the creative decisions
oh you mean instead of selling Star Wars
to Disney like just have him continue
with this look it was the best thing
that could have happened to Star Wars
and it's still not great but the series
should have ended in 1983 what what I
want you to think about what Star Wars
would look like if Lucas was still like
the man who like could veto anything
here and that is not a Star Wars you
would like I'll see to it that the DHS
picks up the charters me can we take dr.
Barnaby as well
sure as long as you tell me what's going
on
so no George Lucas should not get later
well you know he should get the credit
he got which is you know writer-director
when he is the writer and director but
you know who was what was that video I
was just talking about the rocket jump
video talking about all of the things
that were changed in Star Wars after
they shot the movie like like the
opening title crawl needed to be
completely rewritten because the
original title crawl was a mess of words
for which for the original star well I
can see that because George Lucas has
some good ideas but you know needs other
people around him to help implement it
with someone in charge its Kathleen
Kennedy you can make the argument that
she might not be the best person but I
don't I don't think George is either so
damned if you do damned if you don't
right right
let's sneak in you know it's by the way
like speaking of stuff like this it's
not just George Lucas who shouldn't get
all of the credit this is how movies are
made like a good idea isn't worth
anything unless a good script can come
out of it and a good script isn't worth
anything unless someone can actually
shoot the damn thing and the things you
shoot aren't worth anything unless a
good editor puts them together correctly
it is like movies are a giant team
effort you know and so not like not just
for Lucas but think of like a good movie
who had a strong visionary director like
like a rival right there's a whole team
working with that director whose name I
can't pronounce because it's foreign
there's a whole team working with that
person to help craft an idea and you
know
the director will make certain decisions
here and there but it's not just one
person who makes a movie there is an
entire team and that's what makes movies
such a unique medium am i saying max
landis did nothing wrong I'm saying that
even bad movies sometimes you can find
it out exactly who's to blame but what
sometimes it's also a team effort to
make a bad movie
we wouldn't know unless we saw unless we
saw Max's original script for Brite we
wouldn't know who's really at fault but
even if he wrote a great script it
wouldn't matter because it's a
collaborative effort
well apparently there's a good there's a
documentary on Netflix called the toys
that made us about all the about the
Star Wars toys back in the day I'd be
interested in them
Jack casually shitting all over a tour
theory I am I know I don't think I am
actually because no matter what you can
tell when there is a visionary behind
mayor making decisions but one person is
not doing everything even if they make
decisions that you know guide the people
who are doing everything you still have
other people contributing I don't think
a tour theory I don't think being an
auteur is the best thing you need to
collaborate that being said I do think
that some nice that some movies have a
stronger vision than other movies
Kubrick collaborated with who who shot
and edited his movies man actors like
right oh I I didn't know he starred in
all of his movies and did sound design
and music and score for all of his
movies don't be dumb wrench
oh that's cute that's cute is what that
is like wasn't that a big deal what
there was one person who edited all of
Quentin Tarantino's movies what was her
name
remember no she she she died in in a
weird hiking accident Oh in a freak
hiking accident I'm unfamiliar with the
story but but for most of his movies
he's had only one editor
Sally Menke thank you cinnamon hi Sally
he had he's had only one editor and so
you know like Quentin Tarantino is
someone who is an incredibly strong
director he has he has a clear vision
but still so much of his vision relied
on working with people to help him reach
his goal right this is on be game to
stream though what is what is the right
one chat person what is the right design
be game to stream down and why is it the
right one right also game repo yes
everyone knows all the good that
Marshall Lucas did to the original Star
Wars
they're saying dying light why
not only did Marshall Lucas and make
that movie she won an Academy Award for
making that movie baby are they stuck
are they stuck in a light pole yeah was
that just a lucky break
or do they usually get stuck they
usually get stuck I think are actually
designed that way to make them magical
oh wait someone's still like
no thunder murder I did not know ones
new trailer was out what is it blood
prism is his next movie excited new Len
movie it's like a celebration altered
some of my scrat's okay
you should I used to not mess with the
convicts in the last advocate of my
father I don't I don't
escort survivors through the this big
area anyway yeah the park and then just
wasting my time dealing with them but
I'm not using the mini chainsaws so I
can't no no your big gun you know and I
can't use the big gun why not I can't
cuz it's not a mini chainsaw oh you oh I
get you
so that's that's gonna replace your mini
chains no not flat out just certain
situations - that's it for one it's not
gonna last anywhere near as long you can
only get one every time the convicts
spawn sure
nice nice the real van rich is testing
his own grift in the game to see if he
can do a save everyone no death run
without using the mini chainsaws wasted
no Devlin I might lose people okay
that's always possible that's fair
that's fair
so is homecoming better than spider-man
- yes because I don't like tobe a
spider-man and that was a big part of
the movie while Tom Holland is great
Peter yeah yes and I really like the Sam
Raimi spider-man movies wanted to but I
think homecoming is the best spider-man
movie we have without a doubt and having
rewatch did recently I can confirm Oh
Otis can you fuck off and die
this guy is calling me and the phone
keeps ringing in this game it's driving
me nuts
I'm sorry very so but yes a homecoming I
think is the best spider-man game no or
movie or you know II both who knows is
it a game
spider-man Tuesday fine movie I like
homecoming more yep homecoming does that
thing we were talking about earlier
where where where it feels like a
spider-man story where's it feels no
well it feels like a good spider-man
story where spider-man is constantly in
over his head barely making it out alive
I like the villain like we get a nice
interesting villain
nice interesting villain with with a fun
motivation that ties in with the rest of
the Marvel Cinematic Universe
I thought the homecoming was a really
nice use of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe in a way where you don't
necessarily need to watch any of the all
the rest of the movies
Chad the Iron Man three flawed twists is
great fuck the Mandarin yeah honestly I
was I was invested in the movie before
that pop twist but afterward it was like
oh I'm super into this I mean obviously
Iron Man 3 is a perfect action obviously
everyone knows that I don't even need to
get into it I remember I remember this
part
Oh easy
oh nice yeah he's busy
yeah did you like that Doctor Strange
movie Jack I overall it's fine
some you know to me I'm a big I'm a big
fan of character motivation and more
important and and also like I'm a big
fan of character motivation and visual
storytelling I want I want a scene that
illustrates the choice that our hero
makes as to why they are a hero now we
don't really get that Doctor Strange we
get two people talking about why it's
great to be a hero and it's kind of you
know kind of weak that aspect of the
movie I liked the visuals I liked
Benedict Cumberbatch I liked that weirdo
lady who's the weirdo lady I forget her
name all the time and I think it has one
of the most satisfying endings to any
Marvel movie I can come back in more
that's the beauty yeah I thought the way
that our hero handles the villain at the
end it was incredibly clever and not the
standard punched the bad guy till I win
fair and I really liked that ten points
partly then jumping in and out of suits
I moved to Doctor Strange oh the jumping
in and out of suits of Iron Man 3 is
again why it is a perfect action movie
the visual metaphor of the Mandarin
tearing off Tony Stark's facade so he
can come to the relation realization of
the person he truly is
oh it's art it's fucking arts and I love
it I'm gonna start a weekly podcast
where I just talk about Iron Man 3 just
Iron Man 3 over and over and over
and you're welcome internet that Adam
fight now you doing great removing his
escape cases removing his costumers
removing his costume how subtle but his
costume is a metaphor it's a metaphor
the walls he's putting up around himself
and his post-traumatic stress disorder
yeah yeah yeah
keeps getting territor it away it's
about placing his trust not in himself
but in the things he builds when he
needs to learn how to trust himself and
those around him going on there it's
smarter than you think right oh you you
reading a book rich I just cuz I just
broke the weapon InFocus the next move
fair enough fair enough
hence the spider-man homecoming message
exactly that's what and that's what I
was saying it's one of those things
where if if you have seen all the other
MCU movies that moment in spider-man
when Spiderman says without the suit I'm
nothing and Tony's and you know Tony
takes it away from it like this big deal
like if you if you remember that if you
remember Iron Man 3 it's hugely powerful
and if you haven't seen Iron Man 3 it's
still a good moment but it's that's part
of the power of the shared universe it's
fine I still got my I still got time how
much time you got
what
they should have done alcoholic Tony no
it's kind of what they didn't - hey a
little bit a little bit but it was less
alcoholism amore I'm drinking because
I'm dying right right I don't know I
don't know if we're quite ready for the
you know the alcoholic superhero to be
in a big movie yet I don't know if we're
there yet how long did it take him to
get to be an alcoholic in the comics 15
years then what do they do that story
it's only 15 was that mid 80s was that
early eighties alcoholic I remember 21
was the character's probably a little
bit earlier and I was getting I was
thinking 67 but he's way earlier than
that he's like 64 he's definitely one of
the early Marvel characters yep
anonymous says I agree that people go
out of their way to hate the new movies
but there are people trying to make the
new ones all of them seem amazing some
people defend their opinions by doubling
down on them watch new movies I assume
they're talking star wars why well I'm
just reading the tips and you know like
that was that was from 8 hours ago when
we started the stream so basically what
you're saying is everyone's an idiot but
me some people are dickheads what are
you gonna do about it that much
all right what we got here whisker
cuddles says Jack I don't think my last
tip came through so I'm sending you a
tip to tell you about my last tip not
coming through unless this one doesn't
come through either way enjoy my hard
earned Millions
Thank You whisker cuddles let me look
back here to see if your last tip came
through no I don't see your last tip I'm
sorry I have nothing else from you today
so unless that was just joke about your
last tip not coming through and your new
tip like they've gotten meadow with the
tip jokes
yay rogue one or last tonight and
they're about equal oh come on
about you didn't like the last Janet
that night maybe a little bit more just
didn't do much for me you crazy man yeah
crazy man oh look the clown that made me
quit this game Adams fine
this is the chainsaw as you get prettier
but I am NOT going to use right because
they're the most powerful weapon
single-handed same damage you can grab
three books that that just make their
durability insane sure sure
each book gives them three times the
durability and it stacks that isn't so
yes you could make one chain saw last
like pretty much the whole game oh come
on don't get stuck on there
do I find this segment offensive no
that's kind of funny right I get it I'm
listen I'm a clown
I ain't aend that the reason that you
know scary clowns are a bit in the first
place is because in general people like
clowns
I got flame attack today
nobody likes Khan's children children
love phones phones are great anyway here
we go
Luke Weiser says here's some beer money
don't let that alcoholic mic steal it
from him we'll try not to I'll take your
beer money
the one thing I'm upset about is usually
between Mike and I we keep the
refrigerator stocked with energy drinks
spinet a key and there are currently no
energy drinks in the refrigerator that's
that's what I was looking for when I got
here and they're not here and it's
upsetting fall down to chase after me
he fell down one boom he can fall down
look
not doing the attacks I want him to do
what oh I'm sorry I want him to spam the
fuck out of that okay three good hits on
him buddy Wow oh that's so you know what
it's fine it's fine
Oh Rach I'm so sorry I don't have a save
anywhere near there you started over no
I guess I'm most mine

[Part II]
I got so much money that suck though
that I mean that's that's that's big man
that's death where's this what's this
infinite mode okay what's that
infinite mode no timers no time limits
okay
stay alive your health slowly decreases
so you got to keep fighting for food and
I should be comically overpowered just
beating up old dudes okay well if he's
got food this isn't about you cuz this
is infinite mode Bryan Shaw says hey
just started a new run I'm blood-borne
using the steak driver have you tried
this thing because it's ridiculous three
to four hits with the charge r2 is
melting bosses on the fresh game you not
doing the cup puncher recommended which
one was the steak driver again remember
which one that was
so I'm sorry to say I don't remember
which weapon the stake driver was
wrist-mounted stake oh yeah you know
what I remember like really wanting that
but then it never really worked well for
me
mailbox could use more food
gorsh darn it God gawrsh darn it
gawrsh nice hunchback Jackson's Happy
New Year Jack and wrench
Jack just watched American vandal it was
really great not just true it is but not
just a parody but works on so many
levels of have you listened to the
serial podcast it was inspired by it I
recommend it
I have not listened to the serial bomber
I usually don't I I don't have a ton of
time for podcasts which is a shame
because I know there are so many good
ones but usually all of my listening
time is when I'm editing and I'm editing
people talking and so I can't then
listen to other people talk while I'm
editing people talking even though I
oh that's super gross I mean also that
also that
hi jr. boy FTW most anticipated game of
2018 I don't know what's coming out is
my most anticipated game of 28 bridge
let's say I also don't know what's
coming out is Spider Man coming out I
won't play spider-man scripted the
QuickTime event the game I want to play
spider scripted boss battle cutscene the
game
I want to play it I got all tasted up
for spider-man after playing ps2
spider-man that III demo they showed
made me the opposite of excited I want
to play I understand you doing that's
great ok good as long as it's great
so that might be it I'm sure that I'm
sure there's something else but I just
can't think of at the moment but it's
just you usually you know I'll check
what new games are coming out and one
always slips by they all slip by as a
bunch of cramping garbage I so thought I
had him cranny completely cracked you
get you got cocky kid you went in there
I'm sure I would demolish him yeah and
then that man you you had your guard
down yeah I wasn't paying enough
attention to my health apparently mmm
well wasn't got like three quick hits on
me just a weird situation where I was
pinned against the wall
oh sure rich do they ever in this game
tell you what the source of the zombies
are yes what is it bees wasps parasitic
wasp that were the results of the
American government testing as some kind
of weird by they're actually testing to
breed cattle faster and somehow somehow
then they ended up with parasitic zombie
wasps that they were playing around with
those and then they got loose and they
infected a village somewhere in South
America I think and years later people
in that village met the Americans
weaponized the zombie wasp and this is a
terrorist attack oh really yeah for
destroying their village sure sure
that's a smart village a bunch of be
scientists living in them in the village
I actually like that I like that story
that's fun that is a fun story
so weaponized rainforest wasp good
enough for me I'm so used to challenging
myself by starting one I'm just I'm just
fully leveled and I went from low level
to level now on it's kind of neat I
think this is the big selling point for
a lot of people in the game here this
game which this free remote that doesn't
run around be shit well the selling
point when this care came out was just
the number of shit on the screen the
number of zombies
it was crazy for the time have we heard
anything about death stranding the Hideo
the new Hideo Kojima do you know I
haven't I've just seen artsy things and
nothing that would make me care right
the the most exciting bit that I've
heard about that game was during the
noclip documentary about horizon zero
dawn because apparently Hideo Kojima's
new game is being run on the horizon
zero dawn engine
oh wait I'm being dumb there more than
one cooking book in this game and so
there's actually a small part of that
documentary where they were talking
about making their tools accessible to
other creators like Hideo Kojima because
they partner at Sony and Bob blossom
hideo kojima hideo kojima is going to be
using the horizon zero dawn engine to
run def stranding that doesn't mean his
game is going to be like horizon zero
dawn or anything I would necessarily
care about but I thought that was an
interesting tidbit Hideo Kojima Hideo
Kojima no any of these books cooking
camera hobby doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo did it do to do
Ayatollah of rock and roll says in a
just world in the first five minutes of
last Jedi the first five minutes of last
Jedi Rose would have piloted a rebel
cruiser into the dread-nots destroying
the first order fade to black
then a soft reboot of buckaroo banzai
players chat if you want to play about
Star Wars and military tactics why
didn't you ask yourself why they're not
constantly shooting nuclear missiles at
capital ships or making really small
little small cheap ships that can jump
to hyperspace and using them as kamikaze
bombers because that was effective as
fuck that took out like eight ships it's
it's it's it's fantasy world war two
combat in space that's just what it is
it's not it's mattered anyway realistic
I don't think yeah I don't think so they
were complaining about the combat
tactics I just think they were saying
they didn't want the movie down so that
was the joke they were joking about
making the movie not happened
people don't realize the Star Wars is
supposed to be a fantasy
yeah people be dumb gobbledygook says
Jack sounds like you enjoy Amazon
Netflix and such I think all of it sucks
I prefer shitty old movies or just a
feel flew a few Shalaby a-holes to recap
them for me maybe I need very strong
antidepressants I I dig movies man I
like movies I always have I like all
sorts of movies good movies bad moves
telling movie short movies might kill
himself
I don't know what I want to do that dude
you say some crackers yeah accidentally
and they're I think they're putting out
the good movies they're taking risks and
I like that about them they're taking
some creative risks and giving creators
some freedoms that Studios in the
traditional sense are not so I likes
make the droid kamikaze the dread-nots
eggs absolutely why not if if running if
running ships through other ships at
light speed is so destructive that this
should be a tactic so many things they
should do so dumb to complain about that
of course of course
it's dumb to complain about anything
it's a movie about people with magic
powers lifting rocks oh oh
Paul zombies can you start eating him
let's see here true blue refuses hey
back and itch again since everyone else
is doing it what would your game of the
year be for last year what was your
favorite game screamed even a game from
that year
what about films of the year
that's right breath of the wild
for me if I had to if I had to put it on
something it's probably Zelda breath of
the wild that made me feel happy in the
brain zones strategy I need I need to
give me some breaths for situations like
this Egyptian honeybees I need some guts
okay not Friday the 13th no I think a
Friday 13 she was good was good nothing
but a bad year it has not been a bad
year did fry 13th come out last year was
that the year before it's also really
hard to remember
no was October no was it wasn't it came
out earlier came out earlier right well
what I'm saying was was it 2017 or 2016
no was June it's Judy came out okay what
came out in October that it's just throw
me off there oh I have no idea what came
on I was thinking it should have come
out in October because it was it was
Friday the 13th right in October that
would've been just the perfect release
day yeah it's fine
Oh God now they're debating they're
debating the actual usefulness of
kamikaze Lightspeed jumps guys that's my
joke what I'm saying is that shouldn't
be something that's debated because it
was just a cool thing that happened in
the space fantasy movie it was just a
neat thing that happened and the things
in Star Wars movie don't necessarily
have to make real-world sense get it
together
Aaron 2 6 1 8 says what did you think of
hold those character in last Jedi will
hold oh great great
which ones hold oh I thought she was
useless and had no reason for her
motivation fake drama
I like the kylo Ren stuff film was messy
but not horrible which ones hold hold
hold or laura dern she was fine teach a
lesson man really distracting Harold
yeah really distracting dress really
distracting dress why was she wearing an
iPhone and even if she was wearing a
cocktail dress but you know she's she's
fine she's fine
it's all fine it's all fine
that's all fine I didn't mind her I like
I said I I thought she was there to be
the carry because I was not aware that
Carrie Fisher you know apparently news
broke before the movie came out that
Carrie Fisher was not dying but I didn't
hear that news and so I thought she was
going to be the Carrie Fisher
replacement like she was going to you
know take over for whatever Carrie
Fisher was supposed to do in the movie
but she served a different purpose she
was there to teach Oh she was there to
teach poet lesson Oh dumb Iran what Oh
sick Star Wars burn rubber so no is she
like her character served a very clear
purpose she was there to teach Poe a
lesson don't be heroic you know a Star
Wars wait what well that's what weight
gets a little muddled I'm not gonna deny
it gets a little muddled don't be heroic
Poe Dameron don't sacrifice yourself for
everyone else now excuse me while I go
sacrifice myself for everyone else and
be really throwing so then because she
sacrificed herself and was really heroic
Poland not to sacrifice himself against
the big cannon and not be heroes but
then Luke comes and is heroic and
sacrifices himself it gets a little
muddled
yeah only old people can sacrifice
themselves for Harrison that's very true
and cefalu no it's like I think I think
if you look at each individual
characters are it all makes sense but
then when they start coming together the
arcs muddled up a bit but I think
overall it's fine
sacrifice the characters who won't be
around for four more movies right no one
cares about hold war sniz lloyd disagree
I think it was really good I'm excited I
think to me to me the movie was a
wind-up all the characters are now
poised really for like a wind out know
all the characters are poised to strike
we're adding up a point in I know we
listen we could just worried it's gonna
be an endless circle rich forever and
ever
talking about Star Wars get used to it
no I know
the the the rebellion is at a place it's
never been at before for us all the
characters are ready million fits the
Millennium Falcon there's a rebellion to
speak of exactly we get to see the
beginnings of it just a handful of
dickheads that should be the start of
the fucking trilogy well they didn't
start it that way so now they got to get
it there that should have been the side
of Jill yeah but uh now they're there so
that's nice
and I like all the characters have
learned lessons they all got their
motivations sorted out so let's go so
the next movie is gonna be I'll go go go
and I like it
the beers Kirk I disagree that's all I
can say is you know just doing one might
not agree was fine I'm just gonna be
this good it's all gonna be fine
epic Jason I think you're severely under
estimating how dumb the original Star
Wars was epic Jason is saying that
Disney has effectively dumbed down Star
Wars listen it was it was a nice simple
little action space fantasy movie it was
never the most complex shit in the world
this life rich welcome to it
did it you got you you use your monkey
paw rich and you sit and you said I want
to steady I want a steady job I said I
wish for a steady job where I get to
talk about movies all the time I'm the
monkey pawan and now you got it but you
didn't he didn't foresee the
consequences good thing don't make any
more wishes rich that's the that's the
moral of the story of the monkey paw
that's the that's the monkey Paul Morel
who was the protagonists of the last
Jedi house and multicasts multicast
feature you got one of them you got one
of them what do you call that
when a movie has the Phantom Menace no
what do you got uh they call it when
there's not just one person there's a
name for it you know you got your a you
got your fin you got your PO those are
those are your leads ooh
that that's exactly the word I was
looking for Thank You Chet
it was Ensemble family yeah a family
ensemble was the word I was looking for
but you got your rain you fit in your
pose there's your manes days you main
dudes there zipper tags but there's
still one who is the lead and it doesn't
have to be you know the movies called
the last Jedi so there's probably a case
to make raid the lead lead and even
though you know she's not in the movie a
whole bunch she's probably the lead lead
just because of advertising and that's
what the name of the movie is called
but I would probably say that in Finn
and character we just met well I'd say
that like Finn's are you know like
Finn's discovering why he wants to fight
for the rebellion art felt so much
weaker than his art in the first movie
probably he didn't really have an arc in
the first movie he just wanted to save
way but it's so like that might be like
kind of the heart of the movie so
there's probably a case for like calling
him the lead I don't think there's a
case for Poe he's in it a lot it's a lot
of screen time you good you good
fuck it chewy is the star I like it
though chewy is the protagonist I love
it
now what like Rose wasn't a lead Road
Rose was the you know kind of loop which
is kind of a waste cuz they just kill
him off
Luke was lead-in me oh yeah I mean he's
in it a bunch but Luke more kind of just
helps facilitate Ray's story no no no
the story is Luke having lost face in
the Jedi a man raised the one trying to
turn him around
yeah I'm a be the case whore he's there
which is a waste because they just
they're going to kill him off dude I
don't get it
basically I don't get it don't care what
the movie what they were trying to do or
anything first of all this is great they
just probably all yeah you don't get
what they were trying to do
yep yep perfect
I think tones are they can just shit I'm
gonna watch fucking cones on all of
their heads
had enough cones no I think they were I
think they were attempting to have a
reset of things that like and you know I
will agree it's like a reset that should
have been there for the force awakens
but wasn't and so I think I think at the
end of the day they wanted to to reset
things and so we needed to get rid of
some some crazy fan theories and we
needed to bring the rebellion back down
to zero
well what was that a wasp queen that
killed all the zombies
starwars years zero yes yeah I think
that sounds like that let's start our
own rebellion blackjack and hookers you
know if if there's time please tell him
we're rebelling against the rebels
yeah game Revo we've we've actually
talked about this before game game Revo
says Rose was there to sell tickets in
China let's be real I'm sorry but it's
true
except for roses not Chinese she was
there because they wanted Finn to have a
love interest she's Chinese because they
wanted to sell tickets in China she's
not Chinese she's Asian
having no that's not how it works is
that guess what I'll just say like if if
they were looking to solely sell tickets
in China it would have been a Chinese
actress yes okay absolutely
she is not Chinese and so she's just
there to so Finn could have a love
interest and you know she's adorable or
whatever but all kinds of dumb Jack
that's the thing Chuck Fox says believe
it or not
Asians can tell each other apart it's
just just one of those things people you
got it you got it you got to get your
facts a little bit together before you
start throwing around stuff like that
I need the health board I'm gonna die
sure hold on a second game Revo I got I
got a check on some things you're saying
this in a sec I need my phone Internet
your phone Internet
boo boo boom that's what I want that's
what I want
I haven't played much infinite mode okay
this is new to me I know the health
books are very important but I don't
really have where they are memorized
okay so the the last Jedi what was who's
I yelling at game rivo game Revo said
that the last Jedi is doing very weak in
China and the reason that it's doing
very weak in China is because it doesn't
open in China until this weekend it's
hard to make money if the movie hasn't
opened so wait wait until the movie is
out in China first game Revo and then we
will see how it does in China who was i
yelling at I was yelling at game revote
it opens in China on Friday no I said TF
it now too many pronouns too many things
you guys guys we're kidding we're
getting so many things said to you I'm
sorry then I'm sorry if you said TFA did
poorly in China you're still wrong in
the fact that she's not Chinese if if
you're if your argument is TFA did poor
in China so they had so they hired an
Asian actress I'm gonna still call your
argument wrong
oh don't do that brain is got too many
too many acronyms all the Ackerman's all
the akram ins what I needed some
caffeine I wanted some caffeine I was
gonna stop for coffee but I was running
a little behind I told rich I'd be here
around seven ish and he's running a
little behind so I was gonna stop for a
coffee I said now I bet there's an
energy drink and there wasn't so we're
getting a little sleepy little sleep
let's see here our valiant blood chat
says what was your favorite film of last
year mine was the killing of a sacred
deer directed by the same guy that made
the lobster it's dark and twisted and
creepy and disturbing and I loved it
it's one of those things where I have to
be reminded of what came out last year
and that's a hard thing to remember
memories hard it's very hard to remember
stuff I was okay with baby driver I
really liked to get out I really like
did the footage come out last year now
that was the year before
Oh 20 49 thank you I live really like
Blade Runner 20 49 that was very good
that was very very good
I have not seen the shape of water or
mother yet but I plan on watching both
so there's oh the big sick Thank You
Darkwing schmuck yes I really liked the
big sick oh nice I've not seen Dunkirk
and I you know what I don't care to see
Dunkirk I don't I'm sure it's very
important for the British people Dunkirk
right I don't care there's like a less
good Saving Private Ryan
you know opening round Oh split came out
last yeah likes what yeah they had a
pretty pretty lame and button overall I
liked split oh yeah and spider-man and
the Thor is there's a lot of good movies
that came out last year what was Wonder
Woman came out last year guardians to I
know you didn't like it but how does
fond of it I was fond of it there's five
movies that came out last year
everything's good
split was due to fight me no I I can
agree it had some it had some problems
specifically that end of split ho dang
ho dang that they vary the the
resolution if you are let's play is just
unsatisfying as heck that but overall I
thought it was pretty good
what is split the split is uh is a movie
directed by M night Shyamalan starring
that lady who starred in the verbage
whose name is foreign sounding so it's
hard for me to pronounce sheilamalone
and James McAvoy oh then maybe I'm
nothing on your Taylor joy is that her
name well then that's not foreign
sounding at all on your Taylor joy who's
gonna be in the New Mutants there's a
few from China you bringing it all
around rich you did it we all have our
off days
um yeah uh onions great she's in the two
movies I've seen her in she's great and
I'd look forward to her acting career
if split onion deserves an Academy Award
for her reaction shots alone and split
you just watched that lady and feel
nothing but the terror that she is going
through and split she is horrified by
the things around her and you feel it
she's great she's great I hope she makes
a million movies oh okay let's see here
anonymous says is dead rising the
closest we can get to a surviving edged
weapons video game may be great and
mochi b85 says hey wreckers I've
recently seen some clowns at parties
don't dress like clowns they dress more
like magicians or the Wiggles is there
too much of a stigma with the
traditional clown look
clowns are rebranding rich yeah they
know people think they're creepy they
have to change yeah yeah go they're
going they're going full French there
are like minds there's positive changes
right huh farted says good evening I've
missed you guys I have a Nam
recommendation for you do not watch
Pottersville on netflix it stars Michael
Shannon and Ron Perlman
it's about Christmas and a sasquatch
stay away I've seen I've seen the
trailer for that it's theirs it's about
it's about a what's his name Michael
Shannon is like hunting a sasquatch and
there's furries involved and it's a
Christmas movie this is a real thing and
he wonders what furries are it's crazy
it's a real movie which is eating meat
and pig I have no right I just have no
reaction to this I don't know what I'm
supposed to say oh my god you were
supposed to say oh my god no all right
that's fair that sounds interesting
gobbledygook says looking for games
coming out 2018 have either of you heard
of the action roguelike twin-stick
shooter that's kind of like the
Helldivers called DC Universe Online for
the ps4 it's pretty fun I'll be honest
rich I didn't save anything it's been
long it's been so long I did not see did
you see Universe Online thing coming way
to go gobble the goods you got it
this is probably another doom coming at
some time right bad that's something I
could look forward to in life uh no I
think they're just making the doom VIII
on the property I further I've heard
they were working on the new DOMA
yeah like a DLC or like a doomed no like
a doom - Oh that'd be me it probably
wouldn't be done anytime soon but no hey
hey Chagin rich says Nico Cola do your
Jack do your kids love any shows that
you absolutely cannot stand yes yeah
they're mostly alright in this shit they
watch I'm sure there's no shit today
really hate they've insisted on watching
the lego ninjago movie like 20 times
kids we're alright it's what kids do
it's like dumb things that's true
so I've I don't much care for the lego
ninjago movie and they they just want to
watch it all the goddamn time that's the
that's their newest thing like Lego
Batman I can tolerate it was alright the
lego movie is obviously legit good but
but lego ninjago I don't much care for
but as far as like shows go now they
watch they watch okay stuff they've been
really into lately we're on a big Teen
Titans go kick right now which I'm okay
with because I think something that's
pretty funny and they just started
watching what's the what's the camp the
show
it's like like two kids are at a camp
and they there's an Illuminati sign it's
on Cartoon Network
or maybe the Disney Channel maybe it's
on the Disney Channel nobody falls
gravity falls thank you rich
they just started watching gravity falls
and I think that might be alright so
we'll see if that sticks so maybe we'll
see I'm trying to work I'm trying to
work on their shit tastes high at all of
RocknRolla says prediction for 2019 the
Netflix makes a gritty reboot of Wheat
Remo Williams I could deal with that
with choi min the sikh playing master
join and Fred Ward does the Wilford
Brimley role or we're all dead
either way
oh wow those benches are bolted down
I like it I like it this is a good plan
you don't seem to be doing much damage
to them now oh that did some damage when
you hit him at a higher speed not a bad
idea though not a bad idea very little
damage they went through a Power Rangers
phase did dis t87 we went through a big
Power Rangers phase a couple years ago
they have not seen the new movie they've
seen of course the Power Rangers Power
Rangers the movie with Ivan ooze but we
all we went through a huge Power Rangers
kick that's all they would watch all the
time is old Power Rangers episodes and
then loved it and of course there's 15
seasons of Power Rangers so we never ran
out 27 seasons of Power Rangers then for
a while there on a Simpsons kick now
they're on a now they're on a Teen
Titans go Kurt and a Cartoon Network
kick so yeah the glide they died
Wladimir pudding says
is asking for this we got a Georgia girl
so whenever you're ready to pause
Vladimir pudding would like you to say
something hmm
toys you always say the whole finger
just that one thing I think just that
one thing is when I said oh sorry
toys Oh Brad that quote yeah yeah I did
from the thing that was a fun that was a
fun little bit we had yeah yeah about
toys and George Lucas I've watched that
clip way too many times
love your guys's conversation every
stream prereq and red letter media
content brings me so much laughter and
joy well thank you volodymyr pain I'll
take it
I'm a huge fan of cheese a huge fan of
cheese antique whiskey says I got banned
for saying tongues festival months ago
can I be unbanned now yes now you got
banned just for saying that what else
did you do you monster
you know and I am highly skeptical of
your claim sir usually like if someone
is banned for like spoilers talk they
usually only get banned for a day if you
got permabanned my guess is you did
something worse than that antique
whiskey so you know I didn't ban you so
I cannot unban you boomed theoretically
you could you just don't want to and
that's fine sure yeah that's the rule
I'm laying down for myself I didn't ban
you so I'm not unbanned yet well I get
messages like that every once in a while
just like why was that banned probably
because you were a dick alright because
you were being a dickhead like that's a
big I don't know by me
yeah LOI beats we were talking about
that there's a Netflix documentary all
about toys and the first episode is
about Star Wars toys I'm looking forward
to watching that I think that could be
interesting
typical optic says Jack arute you guys
have to watch the movie Pottersville on
Netflix it's heartwarming hilarious and
inspiring it's about a sasquatch and
furries starring real actors I'm
interested I'm into it
Karen wants to watch a show called it on
Netflix called a typical a typical have
a dramedy but family raising an autistic
boy alright it's alright it's oh you've
seen it lady wants to watch it you know
watch it it's fine yeah you know
sometimes you just want to spend some
time with your significant other so you
put up with some cellphone what you
should share whatever you the chainsaw
doesn't spawn an infinite road
interesting I'm with you I'm with you
got it you gotta make this a crisis
sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes
you sitting there picking another can
make the better choice before before we
left on vacation we had a little a
little climb one night and it's like
okay we can watch a movie what do you
want to watch and me being me I said
well here there's this movie that's that
I hear is kind of bad and it's about
cops
teaming up with orcs but orcs of are
like people are racist against orcs
let's watch that because I hear it's
kind of bad and they say guys know oh we
can do something better with our limited
free time and we ended up watching the
lobster which was very good
and I got to save the cop orc movie for
other times watching it with people who
appreciate bad movies so I've heard
somebody mix things about bright you
know it's it's not the worst movie
you'll ever see it's just kind of bland
and bad why aren't you doing that all
the time why is that you're not your
only move you need to play the whole
game where that's the only move you have
and and there's your No death run where
you only spin beating Dead Rising by
only spinning only spin I was just lying
down long enough to do some of the other
moves Batman is the cool guy
she has been on prereq we did a board
game prereq night and my wife was there
to play board games with us she's a real
person and I have many witnesses that
can attest to this
I hear the antique whiskey I hear you
nice spin wrench yeah you did it
your speech spinning all over the place
colossal nimble this is the pc version
of left for dead so that's why
everything looks a little nicer i'm not
used to some of the moves you can do
with the keyboard mouse that's aqua sure
sure
sure yeah everything is a muscle memory
on the controller
then only spin oh no no no hey stop it
jack what do I think of agents of shield
in space I saw the first episode of that
and was mildly amused the shield's going
in space now they've reached that
desperate but that desperate place for
you you go to space because you don't
know what else to do yep Oh who wanted
to shut down agents of shield I think I
think it was ABC ABC was ready to cancel
agents of shield but the higher-ups at
Disney's wouldn't let them really there
you go
I think ABC was ready to let agents of
shield go it doesn't perform well no one
really likes it anymore the show is
getting dull and Disney said no no damn
you you keep my agents of shield
Disney does on ABC yes and so like but
the people in charge of programming at
ABC wanted to let it go and Disney said
no you can't you cannot let it go
we oh we oh Greg Clark so much that he
just gets to work forever now Greg Clark
was the heart of our damn movie that
ended up making us billions and billions
of dollars so he just gets to work
forever now as Agent Coulson
one of the movies they really wanted to
the people who don't follow agents of
shield might be horribly confused yes
yes many many people would be so yeah
they're in space now and the first
episode like I said it was interesting
an interesting thing happened that kind
of they went to space not just space
rich mega space they went to time space
time space boiler alert for the first
episode of a huge field
that nobody's watching is yeah they're
like although all of them getting you
know trapped in space and they're trying
to figure out how to get back to earth
it's a big mission to get back to earth
only at the end of the first episode
rich they discover that they're actually
in so far in the future that the earth
has blowed up and they're on a giant
space station orbiting what was remained
of Earth and so then it's like wait how
did we get through time and in space so
it could be interesting
Tiberius Kirk says Clark Gregg not Greg
Clark well dammit that's what you get
when you have two first names for first
into last name get it together
rich what nope nope you didn't do it
rich I'm PC that is definitely not in my
muscle memory
fire axe
agents of shield is like watching the
corpse of a crazy person pull itself
across the ground with one animated arm
you know it's had its good seasons and
bad it started pretty bad had a few good
seasons in there there was a time when
it was getting you know actually like
into the whole like spy and espionage
stuff there was really good
yeah you should have nya rockin it get
it in humans is like the garbageman from
junk air taking a boring vacation in
California oh my god in humans is a
legitimately awful show what what is
deal than humans what happens in the
show it's about the Inhumans who live on
the moon why is the show tear I've never
I have not watched an episode pure
budgetary reasons they they they so it's
about the Inhumans who live on the moon
there is a there is a coup where you
know the they they try to usurp black
bolts as king of the Inhumans but black
bolt Medusa and some other people whose
name I can't remember that all members
of the royal family escaped to Hawaii
right because that's where the tax break
was and and so like half of its on like
these cheesy-looking sets on the moon
the half of it is on Hawaii that nobody
uses their powers effectively or coup in
any cool fashion all of the powers look
cheap the show is nonsensical
and and it was it was all the acting was
bad it was just bad bad bad everything
bad about it everything been oh how
could I forget
the famous you know everyone knows Black
Bolt Medusa but what about crystal or
Gorgon or Karnak those are the famous
characters
Aaron he was characters this is the team
this is the characters this is the gorg
unlicensed Gorgon and Karnak how can you
forget Gorgon and karnak there's nothing
there's many things wrong with Gorgon
and karnak
their names are silly or lumpy or chewy
right and darth vader isn't a silly name
Darth Vader yeah Darth Vader is not a
silly name Curtis is not a silly name at
all I can deal with Darth Vader Gorgon
is a little tougher to smell Darth Vader
you know it sounds like dark and mater
it's like shades man's great Boba Fett
Boba Fett did they ever use his name in
the movie Jedi to do do they constantly
goes Boba Fett and then he flies into a
wall and then dies and ceremoniously
Boba Fett's your bow that he says
bonafide and then does the Three Stooges
bit yep no okay
that's Boba Fett's kind of silly yes
Boba Fett is a silly name I'm not gonna
deny that you Darth Vader I don't think
is I think Luke Skywalker is a sillier
name than Darth Vader
Lucas Skywalker is a silly name that a
child would make up
no good wailing woman so it sucks the
combos are awkward
sure right mouse Starkiller is even
worse
Rinas god that Luke Starkiller is even
worse than Luke Skywalker
Skywalkers a great name I mean it's a
great name for its purpose but it's also
a very silly name
doing a rich doing it
hans gruber is a badass name i agree
hans gruber da vada good names good
names hey Harry Potter works again
because it it's meant for kids just like
Luke Skywalker works because it's
supposed to be like old school light
fantasy so Luke Skywalker works it's
very silly Harry Potter here but now
Harry Potter's is nice that's a good
name that's a good kind of every kid
named Harry Potter Harry and you say
you're British
everyone's British when you say everyone
I like people just typing all these Star
Wars names and I legitimately don't know
if they're real or not they're probably
all real they that would sets that would
be scary true-blue review says have you
watched tickled it's that real
documentary gone wrong that only comes
by once in a while also I recommend
black black mare season four premiere
USS Callister for the Star Trek
comparisons alone I think you told me
about that there's like a documentary
about tickling what is that did you know
that sounds like a J lately unfamiliar
with this documentary about tickling
what's tickled
chat sex perverts is it about sex
perverts I'll bet you it's about sex
pervert is it about sex perverts
oh that's what it was it's a documentary
about competitive tickling I don't even
know how what competitive tickling would
be now I need to see it
a competitive tickling I'm gonna have to
I'm gonna go home tonight hey hun let's
watch the documentary by competitive
tickling and then she's gonna take the
divorce papers out of the drawer that
she keeps the men ever and brings him
out of long she's waiting she's just
she's like I've been waiting for this
day so now I can write wanted me to
watch a movie about competitive tickling
in the reasons box and no one will
question my decision let's see here
anonymous says I watch bright with my
mother she really enjoyed it I thought
it was math the more interesting aspect
was the dynamic of the human and orc cop
partners should have focused on that
more yes agreed
another another problem with bright too
many things is trying to say and do all
at once there were some legitimately
good parts of bright the cop stuff was
really good like you know they had to
like breach a building that was neat
didn't cop things and it was tense
so many there are so many things wrong
with bright I won't get into it like I
said I won't get it ah they'll fell down
and there's a lot of great things you
can do it looks good I won't get super
into bright just because it's so spoiler
ace but they just did a lot of things
wrong admiral bone to pick what someone
just wrote admiral bone to some mother
playing varnish out well there you go
Michael's making fun of General Grievous
that is a very silly name yeah
yes I agree that took it too far
see Darth Vader the words sound like bad
words but they're far enough removed
right I think they are but yeah once
once you put an actual bad word in there
you know
then you've gone too far
do you get a reward if Jackie rich read
you a blanket reference in chat probably
not just because I never remember the
references you people in chat have all
these things memorized and I have no
idea what you're talking about
so I wouldn't use the mini chainsaws and
that's that's kind of over that run end
and I died ignited yep
rich is now in a free mode yeah I'm
playing infinite mode just fucking her
I'm just fucking around and playing
infinite mode no there's anything you
want to do we can change the games no I
think I might be ready to call it in a
bit I'll tell you what long because my
long flight we got a good couple hours
in maybe I can get a morning jack scream
oh God one of these days to help make up
for lost time but uh
almost ready I have to need the food
Paul here
what the hell is that
just watch my world that's great like
guns are no viable just need to figure
out that Tambo situation and you're good
to go I think I can make some macros
sure
yay see you want to call it I do all
right I do I think we made it a decent
amount of time I feel good about this
dream I'd love to talk about had a lot
of catching up to do
worrier my going I'm going to bed
motherfucker but before I go to bed I
need eggs so I got to go to the grocery
store and then I'm going to bed
it's gonna be great welcome back to the
Arctic oh my god it was cold as fuck I
am NOT mentally prepared for it to be
cold as fuck yet I love this guy so
fucking much I think that's great
thank you so I think it's important you
got to find something you enjoy whatever
it is find something in giant do it
late night egg run whoop whoop I wanted
you to the faceplant thing with them hey
oh sorry
please consider purchasing thermals I
have I have thermo bottoms and tops long
Underpants if you will our stores in the
US open 24/7 yes some grocery stores are
open 24/7 though here in Italy the
bigger Walmart's yep that one nice
yeah Walmart's major grocery stores are
we do here in the States
stop selling booze at grocery stores at
nine grocery stores and liquor stores
have to stop selling booze at nine here
in Wisconsin which is a rule I've never
fully understood but everyone has
different rules like across the border
in Minnesota they they're not allowed to
sell booze on Sundays which is very
strange
- am here oh yeah well you could still
like Bart I'm here is 2 a.m. bars have
to close at 2:00 a.m. here in Wisconsin
so you can still go to a bar and get
drinks but you can know you can't buy
from a liquor store
Oh Minnesota can buy booze on Sundays
now congratulations congratulations
Minnesota you did it you got over it
pardon me watch you we probably need to
get out the Twatter means I gotta stop
killing you know you do you rich do it
q do you I'm closing this down it's
upside down it said there was an update
maybe we need just need to update it
maybe that's the problem
can't stop killing I can't I can't
is there anyone alive for me to kill him
No
No
well homicidal run someday what's that
won't that be terribly easy yep yep I
mean yeah but I'm still gonna do it you
know there's one survivor and this is
suicidal they asked for a gun and if you
give it to them they'll do it right in
front of you
really yeah he's he's been bitten yeah
and his girlfriend doesn't to leave him
and he knows he's doomed yeah so he
asked you for your gun can I have a gun
huh then you you if you haven't had a
bloody gun any inventory having the hand
of the gun right away right away doesn't
even wait and do you need to do that to
get the girl to come with no she freaks
out that she won't join you at all you
listen bolt oh man that's great that's
great you can go back to killing later I
know I'm just I'm pissed I died - Adam
you were having a pretty nice run there
rich the one the one boss in this game I
thought I really just completely figured
out well that's why you died I I am
beating him a number of times at this
point without taking any damage at all
yeah yeah yeah there now well shit
happens
she does shit happens y'all great all
right well we had to read the names
right I'm just saying people say good
night okay I'm saying good night back
can I had anybody leaving right now
good night we're gonna Adams damn tough
especially so early
I had them figured out I've been kicking
Adams ass every time I played this game
for a while now and he just owned me
yeah no it's still surprise you
that's nice uh Stu pocalypse for 15
months in a row says Happy New Year's
let's make it a great year love everyone
be kind every New Year's dr. smoke trees
who has subscribed to us for 15 months
in a row says only two more weekends in
jail then I'll be back on Sundays
motherfuckers way to go dr. smoke trees
you're doing it also as someone who is
being incarcerated for what I can only
assume is a smoking pot related
infraction doctor smoke yes
yeah that's presumption that's that's
fair presumption I think how like I just
wonder how it feels to see like the
celebration over the legalization by
people like did you see on CNN the other
day like reporters were like filming
themselves getting high at legal
dispensaries and they're like oh my god
you know it's great and then you got
like you got doctor smoke trees here
just like it's not the equivalent of
drinking on the job but if it's for news
if it's for news but then the attacks of
smoke trees just sitting there like in
jail on the weekends twiddling his
thumbs gone going I didn't know I had to
be a reporter first right yeah yeah
stay strong doctor smoke trees you can
do it acha Terrace dorsen says OMG
extended New Year's vacation is the best
and getting to watch you guys live is
just the icing on the cake thank you
thank you bucking barrel
brim axion nice frozen zigu rot says
what's up you fucks
not much topping you motherfucker Waggin
Waggin
captain s WC for 13 months and
Oh Mike one-two-three-four says 2017
marks the 40th anniversary of Close
Encounters the 20th anniversary of
contact and the first anniversary of
arrival which is the better hard sci-fi
classic thanks
I still need to see arrival but I'll
take close encounters over contact but a
long time since I've watched contact
there
so just movies yeah no no labels on
movies
I'll take close encounter over contacts
okay you want to start talking that's a
work of hard sci-fi you'll take a rival
here's that I'll take a rival over all
of them yes and I will take contact over
close encounters okay because if you
rewatch close encounters there is a
shockingly little sci-fi like it's just
a story about a dude going crazy and
then way at the end there's mainly yes
so book I mean Close Encounters is
obviously a brilliant movie and yes it
is a sci-fi movie but there's not a lot
of hard sci-fi in it so a rival contact
close encounter on a sci-fi scale is
what I'll say
can't believe rich wouldn't hate the
alien is her dad ending I I don't
remember that doing much for me but I
didn't I didn't despise that oh listen
the ending of contact completely whiffs
on a sci-fi no we've talked about this
yeah it's a it's a hard sci-fi movie
were the moral of the story sometimes
faith is okay right right with weird for
Carl Sagan I wonder if they changed his
book is the base of his book oh I didn't
know contact yeah okay oh I didn't know
that I'm mate huh but he was he's also
kind of a he's a hippie Carl Sagan he's
a scientist but a hippie so you know
he's like oh the oneness the oneness and
nature
science brings us closer to humanity
you hate heartwarming right rich no not
necessarily there's a time and a place
like a heartwarming ending that's that's
not how he would end Dawn of the Dead
when I give Dawn of the Dead a
heartwarming ending sure but mr.
holland's opus yeah I I would I would
not give a I'm trying to think of what
was them any of the fucking golden
retriever movies well Bay oh no not the
golden retriever Beethoven I would I
give Beethoven a fucking dour bleak
ending like the family dies Beethoven
can have the heartfelt ending Beethoven
gets carted away by like pet services
big Leisha he you know he snapped at
Charles Grodin ripped his throat out
accidentally and Charles Grodin guys the
family hasn't heard a dad and then they
put the dog down that's not the ending I
would get Beethoven no wait now we need
that movie just pure Beethoven until
right at the end once the dogs tasted
blood and you never go back
alright we're here we were at the off
switch who has subscribed to us for two
years now twenty four fucking months in
a row says 24 months subscribed I must
be able to afford to live in the elf
districts did you catch that biting
social commentary
and bright did you oh there's a bright
thing okay the elves are the well-off
ones farce forms and they have the the
best police force their own personal
police force that they can afford this
is social Commons there's social there's
some social commentary happening
dream sign for 22 fucking months and
roses good to have you back jack happy
to be back where are you the dreams that
Lala p-dog one dead guns 12 strange
letter gentlemen bears all says and
isn't sanity really just a one-trick
pony anyway I mean all you get is one
trick rational thinking but when you're
good and crazy
oh the sky's the limit it sounds like
something that Joker would say does that
is that a direct Joker it's if somewhere
it has quotes around it so I see yeah
anonymous says oh I get it
that from was that actually from The
Killing Joke fellow fellow - sure -
Marie Mac I think that's a penny for 15
months in a row Lucas Ducas for 27
fucking months in her own kate is Odeon
k2 zu D and K 2 zu daeun Capitals
differentiate words and just one word
could suit Ian that's possible - it's
all fine so I'll find mazed and Confused
the real vay on for twenty six fucking
months Andros is rich I love your Dead
Rising no death run I still rewatch it
to this day
do you think that Brad would have made
it if he had only watched surviving
edged weapons that's how that's how Brad
goes out oh he shoots he shoots Carlito
they have they have just there's a
horrific gun duel yeah and he just walks
up to him putting the gun at him you're
done for now yeah your reign is over yet
there and then Carlito pulls all the
knife because he walks
the 10 to 15-foot range he doesn't stay
well back and away from Carlito and the
Carlito he stabs him stabs up
motherfucker
oh it's all over watch some fighting
that's a do you know what that's a DLC
add on surviving edge weapons you can
get them you can make it to Brad's not
killed the last humus Vladimir Lestrade
them
rebel base for 14 months in a row says
take my free money until Mount st.
Helens erupts and I need to run for my
life
ok ok I mean good good luck if that
happens also walrus to the brush Chet
how do you know what any fucking DC
comic is Canada not canon they've
rebooted so many fucking times current
Canon or Canon from five years ago or
Canon from 10 years ago
Chad people watching this and not seeing
the Chad they're arguing about whether
or not the Killing Joke is canon and
that was like three or four reboots ago
right probably five reboots DC reboots
ago The Killing Joke like 85 oh Jesus
yeah but by this point how many time
have they've rebooted their unity 7
they've rebooted the universe at least
three times crisis on Infinite Earths
yeah zero hour was kind of a mini reboot
this is like a soft reboot flash point
flash point the new 52 so we got four
weeks for five reboots later I don't
understand how you could be a DC fan of
comics and not just be horribly
frustrated that literally reality keeps
shifting around you know that would
drive me insane it's it's okay it's
happening to Marvel now oh yeah yeah any
comics fans is gonna is gonna feel I got
out when the kitten was good check
walrus to the brush
buttercup Twinkletoes captain scott
bakula says love this game i bought back
in 2000 with my first paycheck in high
school the standard def TV of mine
didn't like it so much very true the
text is very small for standard def I
was right most people the King time came
out most people still had standard oh
sure sure thanks for all the fun guys
best wishes for the new year
thank you best wishes for you captain
the end hero I'll pack a death trap
dick gently air for 15 months in a row
says it would seem like 15 months in a
row makes me a loser but then I remember
how hot my wife is you gotta go score
some brownie points keep it up guys
frozen Oh Bob for 15 months in a row Joe
kitty oh one says hey Jack I was in the
Bahamas last week as well never seen so
many hermit crabs conch is great but I
hate haggling with the pushy vendors
snorkelling was fun but with the highs
in the low 70s a fur yeah they do they
do come you know conch is a big big
thing there you can't eat it yeah it's a
shellfish but they put it in everything
and it's great they have conch fritters
conch salad conch everything it's great
and yeah if you want to buy anything
from any store haggling is acceptable
and it like fucking you go to a
Starbucks in the Bahamas and you can
haggle the price down it's great I'm so
cold here for so long
Richie was beautiful I can imagine it
was beautiful
that's so miserable here now I hate it
already it must have been awful getting
off that plane and we were on a plane
that we were on a little place so we
actually had to like get
to the tarmac yeah that exact it's
either because we left them in the car
oh you left them in the car is a short
walk oh oh yeah so then it was my job as
dad to go start the car
of course warm it up for everyone you
can wait the plane well no they they
waited at the luggage but it all turned
out our game I only lost one thumb one
go for 15 months in a row says Jack yeah
how do you deal with picking footage to
keep for live edits I keep having to
watch it over and over how do you choose
footage to throw out or for live events
I keep I keep everything man I don't
know what you're talking about
I keep everything if if I like I still
have for example like for live events
who was that no screw up a little bit
like callsign combs like oh and if
you're still a chat what I think I mean
which footage to use and not use in the
edits no it says for live events I keep
having to watch it over and over a
pre-recorded video of a live event so do
you see you you you you cut things out
you cut chunks out like I don't know
maybe I don't understand the question
so like when you have like if for
example if you record one hour worth of
footage are you asking like how you like
how I find the good stuff I use markers
I use markers in that one hour of
footage to when I'm watching it one so
you just put a little marker in there
and then you go back to the good stuff
later like if your record a wedding
ceremony yeah do you do you cut out any
chunks of the ceremony any pauses or any
whatever it takes it forever to walk up
do you do you edit oh absolutely
walk up absolutely yeah no if you're if
you are if you have a big event
you want to edit it down to just the
exciting moments J and why do you how do
you know what to keep and what not to
write okay
that's the question man it depends on
your your method of delivery everything
a wedding highlight video there we go
see that's the information I need zoink
oh you're editing of under five your
target is under five minutes for the
entirety of the ceremony of everything
of everything everything Wow people you
have to imagine that no one is ever
going to watch this and so yeah you put
it to music
you you you put in some still shots of
the bride getting ready beforehand you
put in some still shots of the groomsmen
like out to brunch or doing whatever you
throw in so maybe some old photos of the
bride and groom as kids BAM
cut to them coming walking down the
aisle you just get the good stuff the
important stuff the funny stuff maybe
throw in the audio when when they
actually do their vows and then party
and then it's good fun times five
minutes okay that seems short it seems
short until you're watching a boring ass
wedding video well here's the thing that
you got to please the bride yeah and
what if the bride watch this and like
where's all the stuff do you even though
anybody watching it might be miserable
yeah just because that's what the so
well they wouldn't they just want that
just to want it we'll see then then you
that's when you have your two offerings
like okay as a wedding videographer I
and I've never been yeah I know you're
not the right person to ask for this
what I would then offer is like okay
here is the five-minute chunk and here's
all the raw footage do whatever the fuck
you want with it lady your whole
ceremony your whole damn reception
everything all right that's what I would
do all right but but like it's the same
as if you were height like doing
highlights at a sports event right like
you're you can either watch
baseball game or watch the highlights
well I enjoy baseball exactly but some
people just want to know what the
highlights and the score was right and
that's the majority of your audience
just you do the fun bits you do the
highlights you put it to Canon and C or
whatever that dumbass wedding song is
all right sorry good doing the last two
Jack
Vladimir pudding flavor bird double O
seven six
lugubrious airs says hi semester o mo
semester mo says makes the entertainment
Phyllis what's your favorite type of
cookie I'm a simple man
chocolate chip maybe double chocolate I
like them on the softer side yeah I
don't like crumbly cookies I'm with you
on the softer side yeah those those I
get them the everyone makes them for
Christmas they're like peanut butter
sugar cookies that are soft that you put
a whole Hershey kiss on top yeah sugar
cookies are fine those are my absolute
favorites like peanut butter sugar
cookies with the chocolate with the
Hershey kiss on top you know what I hate
Oreos really to hate Oreos fucking love
Oreos I hate the fillings existed
sickening mold swing not a good sweet
like a sickening so you know I double
stuffed Oreos are probably my favorite
and the cookie part they're not soft
cookies I don't like anything about the
Oreo I'm sorry
you know actually something interesting
that I want to bring up now so people
can remind me to talk about it next
dream yeah speaking of highlights for
wedding videos yeah are you ready for
computers to take over more jobs sure
down down in the Bahamas my cousin got a
drone yeah it's you know it's one of
those fancy like almost flies itself
drones and it's got a super nice camera
on it yeah and he was showing it look
how easy it is to fly look we can
actually like draw out a map and forgot
to fly the map right but the ants are
like any shoots and
4k video right yeah and he's getting
these awesome overhead shots and like
swooping around trees and shit doing all
this awesome stuff and he goes he goes
to me after he's done flying and she's
showing it off to me because that's not
even the coolest part you ready for the
coolest part and I'm like yeah okay it's
all on his phone like his phone and a
little controller and he goes to his
phone and the app that comes with this
drone has already cut and put to music a
45 second highlight rig and I'm not
kidding rich what it uses is it uses
plane tracking technology plus like
accelerometer footage from inside the
drone to know when the drone does
something cool right and it puts it to a
techno song and cuts it to the beat and
it wasn't half bad
we are so fucking screwed you have no
idea like there's a couple tweaks I
would have made but it was like sweeping
Schad big wide Vista coming down now
buta cool it was a highlight video
instantly made as soon as the drone
landed huh interesting
it was interesting like the drone was
cool yeah fuck it as a drone it's cool
yeah but the technology to auto cut a
highlight reel I figure they're gonna
put like delivery out of business like
UPS just individual package on our drone
just fly right to the fuckin house
they're doing it their dad or Nia I'm
not John yeah it's amazing it's all it's
all amazing well I guess you still need
someone to pile up the fucking drone no
you don't yeah you put poop you press it
you auto man it's all automated even
even our jobs as editors are automated
right now you still need someone to
pilot the drone but no not for too long
like sand but that's that's like wedding
videography in a year yeah is they do
the drone stuff like the bride has
something to look at after she says I do
like that's how fast it can come out now
I love it the future is scary
sorry more of that story later where are
we favorite type of cookie that's where
we're Christo Barrow nation full of
homeless starving people we're gonna
have figured out we gotta figure it's
it's gonna be a thing we got to figure
out rich universal basic income Christo
Beto Berto for eight months in a row
which we don't really don't say until
it's over a year says rich does the
smaller enclosed map of the first at
rising game benefit the series does part
of the sequel's quality the client have
to do with the bigger maps curious about
your thoughts happy new years I don't I
don't have that much to say about three
cuz I don't think I barely I barely
played any of three no I haven't but I
barely played any of it to this is
slightly I don't think it's that much
bigger of them happen to and that's fine
but it's at the same time it's not that
much better so ok I don't know I can't
give you a great answer that I'm sorry
yeah that's fair B Daggett gobbledygook
441 fucking months in a row says a
motherfucking 41 motherfucking months in
a row edit together said it's 41 months
do I still get poppers no I want poppers
no send those little champagnes and amyl
nitrite to Trump Taj Mahal casino hotel
sling go mystery bonus slot machine near
the men's bathroom Atlantic City New
Jersey I get that oh wait 401 you know
you do guy remember that right that was
just for you I understand sure I'm sure
gotta go put that in there just for you
because that was from a blinker yes it
was I remember that one
great Shogun 94 true blue review for 14
months in a row says it's been a fun
time watching all these fun streams
here's hoping 2018 is just as exciting
and for better and worse I know will be
if I get to watch hack frauds like you
yeah mr. glitch who's as hurray I
remembered to click the spend Amazon's
money button for the seventh month
straight thank you we appreciate that
mr. bliss on your memory crispy-fried
man for twenty two fucking months in a
row mega pop says rest in peace poly a
barber
okay whoever that is
baby Slayer 1 5 6 439 motherfucking
months in a row says it's my fiance's
30th birthday tomorrow
can you say happy 30th birthday lives
from rich and Jack having 30th birthday
Liz happy 30th birthday Liz from rich
and Jack did it aged you're running at
life you wouldn't aging just means
you're winning you're winning disco
disco disco coot disco couch nothing you
and there right
discount pun but that's what I was
assuming it was that's why I had trouble
reading it but it's disco Coon just go
ant diss coconuts no that's not there's
no there's no you disco aunty disco want
disco coat
