Jan 28, 2018
Titanfall
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/223517370
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/223518822
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic20vtSQ-j8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLhhbz_J7Nw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/957705527609516032

[Part I]
we are of good what 20 minutes early
rich at least 20 minutes early we are at
least 20 minutes early they probably
assumed we were going to be late so
really we're like a half-hour yeah yeah
so have you been jack what's going on
I've been I've been great rich I've been
I have an image I'm gonna post a Twitter
probably when I get home which is the 11
separate copyright strikes we got for
our Tony Hawk stream that's stupid 11
copyright notices nut strikes we didn't
get any strikes we got 11 copyright
notices from like five different
companies yeah yeah so oh also I'm not
on screen oh yeah nobody wanted to see
you know I did the you did the solo
specialist which I heard I heard slappy
I was checking in on the stream every
once in a while and I heard slappy got
the better of you yeah just a little bit
not there's a middle ground program Jack
could you get me on the big screen if I
can there is no middle ground with
exploit rich it's good you know the snap
two features are handy yeah but
sometimes I just want ya to move a
little bit how's that down there right
that's the spot that's the perfect spot
I want to be able to like put my hands
over this thing
I was checking in a little bit on your
solo stream you were going for a no
death run yeah Dead Rising 2 died and
you died after four plus hours though
that's pretty good that was pretty bad I
did worse than I did in my practice
running the stream before where I didn't
die I just kind of we just kind of ended
it right yeah
no no so you got to try again yes you
know wanted a win right
they want to stream it too often I think
I threw a monkey wrench into the movie
Dix plan jab we love it that you know
like all shit riches stream it we you
know it's great that you guys are a
little community but obviously we're
streaming is gonna take priority over
the movie Dix not to what they do it
every night now I think there's
something going on there is usually
something I'm not putting you down right
now what I'm actually doing is
advertising for you for when these go up
in YouTube we didn't watch YouTube might
not have any idea that on non streaming
night the chat frequently gets together
and the chat room on twitch watches
movies together and that's a plug you
talk prism you chat about the movies
that you're watching in our little chat
here
you disrespected movie dicks absolutely
absolutely all right
we start this here Titan factor
yes they're usually bad movies yes
you guys hear the game yeah
so yeah you know we're do we're doing
all right we're having we're having a
good for all the things I've seen on the
battle if you'd like we can talk
primarily about true dominant forking in
boxes and then mailing your poop to
people fast and agile
I have to play this with a good harvest
by the way before so that was the tease
where they were septics play this with
the controller because I got it for the
PS resourceful and the reason I got it
for the ps4 was because it was on sale
for a dial and sees the world
differently but you can use a gamepad
I'm okay with that I'm not as a shooter
like you are you know what I had it
turned up for the rich Evan solo oh yeah
sure
fight differently experienced a
deception son over even overwhelming
odds shift in their favor yeah that
should be no no it should be the issue
into the battlefield so anyway I got
this for very very cheap and I tell you
I wasn't gonna play multiplayer that
much because I already have like eight
multiplayer first-person shooters that I
play yeah but I wanted the campaign and
so it's like yeah eight dollars for just
the campaign alone I'm okay
so last night Lisa and I are watching a
little clean link to it I think we were
waiting for Saturday Night Live's just
like the local welding drawers yeah and
and both of us are half paying attention
because like it's weather sports or just
something downward you know it doesn't
matter right we're half paying attention
to the TV check Twitter just doing stuff
and all of a sudden both of us snap Road
by the IMC into focus at the same point
which is a talking box and destroying
them is in a bathroom and selling trying
to sell our services and we were both
kind of dumbfounded watching this
commercial he's at dinner and beyond the
service that this company offers is as a
way to screen for : serve as a rifleman
in the militia okay by literally having
you poop into a box and then you mail
your poop to them this it's actually a
good thing though you want a screen for
the colon case you definitely want a
screen for colon cancer but it is odd
that people are pooping in boxes yes and
mailing them to companies and so it's
just it was a strange it was a strange
thing I took to Twitter immediately to
talk about pooping in boxes and it it it
in fact it took away from the rest of
the night for Lisa and I wear nothing on
Saturday Night Live was quite as
entertaining as the prospect of people
pooping in boxes yeah we were just
wondering what the logistics were what
sound did it make was there plastic in
their box there had to be some sort of
plastic in the box
how what did the people shipping the
poop in the box feel about this if
you're a UPS driver and you pick up this
very specific box
oh shit probably a shitload of plastic
involved but they're half sure it's in a
plastic bag that you poop it is of
course so you said you wanted to talk
about poop litter box I just assumed you
wanted to talk about the xbox360
hardware
shit must have power cycle the
sympathises last time we'll have to
recalibrate it he
recalibrating you need to keep it
sterile so it doesn't get contaminated
of course look at look at the lights oh
my god it has been quite a long time
since I played a shooter with the
grandpa I'll get there alright all good
all right this might this might have
been are you holding weird it looks like
one fat hand holding it like this I
guess it's like this oh yeah you can see
it's two different gloves but it's the
exact same texture so it does look like
one fatty yeah it looks like one
comically fat hand like a hand would
just think a whole ton of cancer I stick
my hand in a microwave just for fun just
for the fun of it
I don't make fun of what you do with
your hands this is where I grew up this
is what we're fighting for we're gonna
play Friday the 13th when part five
Jason and Pinehurst map come out on
Tuesday you know I feel about part five
Jason it's not Jason dude it's just some
dude like part five Jason he he should
not be that hard to kill he's just a
dude you should just like shoot him with
the shotgun in the game then
congratulations you've killed part five
Jason can you mention how unexcited
that's gonna be one that Jason gets
unmasked in game
it's just that dude some guy with dark
hair yeah but by the way they're not
doing that like it's good it's still
gonna be Jason I have no idea I haven't
seen what they're gonna do with it yet
Oh gun kind of guns do we want fire CMR
not you no one's forcing you to play as
I'm rich okay
does that mean I can't talk about it and
joke around you versatile you know
that's true don't don't do things you
don't like don't don't about things you
don't like
that's rule number one oh yeah oh yeah
it's all coming back to me now
you do you
great oh yeah chunky chunky feeling good
feeling good about a rich pistol yeah
it's a cool pistol it's a cool looking
pistol I'm just curious if this is
actually worth installing origin just
for this well that was my that was the
other part of my decision where it's
like you would need to install origin
and it's like 30 bucks that's not you
know in the grand scheme of things
that's not too bad yeah I'm a cheap
motherfucker oh I'll pay an extra twenty
two dollars just to use a mouse in a
shooter
violets after struck a balance in combat
speed is paramount what do I do a quick
melee can you do a quick melee no no oh
yeah you can so ei or helm should happen
to fall what what happens to all the
digital shit you bought you're gonna try
from their services what happens to it
do you lose access to everything
theoretically you could right yeah I've
got a I got a fucked out of games on
Steam right now yeah theoretically all
gone it depends on how nice our new
whoever buys it from valve it wants to
be to us right if they want to be
benevolent overlords though they'll say
let's say keep all your games you know
come to our new service what are they
don't fold what are they just gonna
profit by somebody unscrupulous well so
what what will happen is the first like
year yeah nothing will turn yeah and
everyone will be like oh everyone was
worried about nothing and then they'll
come up with some sort of wonderful
improvement that everyone is gonna love
right where they're like hey we have
this new service but monthly fees
there's got to be monthly fees because
we have this new amazing service and
everyone and everyone will go yeah I'm
down with that
oh I missed a target
it's your favorite type of dinosaur
theropod which one's a theropod two legs
eats things two legs eat things alright
eat living things look at look at how
reloads like how it kind of like expands
like that it hits really mean a t-rex of
velociraptor um sure
let me in there look at this going do I
have to do this again or can I just go
this smaller t-rex I can't remember what
the fuck they were called what's next
the smaller t-rex they made a movie
we're like Cowboys were riding on wrong
way back when maybe was just fighting
one let's go but it's not t-rex it's
t-rex like smaller cousin oh well oh
well
Allosaurus I think I might have an
Allosaurus might have been I think it
was an animal storm a mini family of the
Gwangi yes that was the name what what
is that oh boys a dinosaur's old movie
I'll be moving this sounds great
the IMC Hui here dry from in go on your
first type
all right riflemen sounds like it's
about the fan I'm pulling you out movie
:
you just let VR you need to mean it to
decompress guitar hero rock band games
curious to know our feelings on the
guitar here rock band games III will
contend that guitar hero rock band will
make our that any most immersive games I
have ever played that I'm there there is
a point in which you become so
comfortable with the controls that it
actually feels like you are playing the
guitar and I fucking love those games
being someone who has actually played
live music for people Guitar Hero gave
me that same feeling in my living room
it's okay
love love love love yeah okay great
guitar band rock hero is that what I
said you know what I'm talking about
you know what I'm talking about I love
them I love all those games I'd I never
had though to be to be honest I never
had rock band but I had a friend who had
rock band and I would play with him all
the time it was that was harder cuz that
one had the drums and the microphone and
you you could like it was guitar here
but you had to sing a bit I could never
do the singing yeah because I have no I
don't have that quality to my voice
what would I what I would do to cheese
it is I would have to sing in falsetto
so every song would be song like this
cuz I tell the mic would pick up like
that's the only way I could get my voice
to actually hit the proper notes was
singing in falsetto okay okay I loved it
Vagan loved it it's true you know guitar
hero is another one of those games that
you know we could stream but but we get
the hammer called down on us
you would have to concentrate way too
much to chat oh right and I would just
be lost
much like our 11 copyright strikes we
would get so many copyright strikes and
as I was telling Richard before the
stream started I'm not necessarily
worried about not being able to monetize
our videos but sometimes copyright
ivories will withhold the video from
certain many gems and so it's like no
one in the UK can watch this video
because of a copyright but right
and we don't want that Brits would have
to but of course rich would have to play
and that's why we're never gonna Street
which we would make rich play and he
would have to complete a song before we
let him stop playing individual $1,000 -
and you'll play gets our hero I'll play
guitar hero by the way I'm not trying to
encourage this kind of like blatant tip
fading
I have Guitar Hero and a ps2 and a
guitar at my house right this very
moment just putting that out there so
you know we could do it on Wednesday no
problem okay who's the bad guy not dance
dance revelution it's not worth throwing
my fucking back out
who's shooting at us
that guy for one that guy for two shit
hey don't you start shooting at me to
our weight are you bad guys these are
private red I don't know who bad guys
are I'm sorry
bad guys I was complaining about the
first one everything looked the same
faction was yes I do remember that now
but I think I have a better okay that's
bad guy that's a bad guy
Anonymous's are you seeing gameplay
footage for the upcoming game see if
thieves
it has co-op multiplayer in which you
throw a pirate ship and can even vote to
imprison shipmates below deck - annoyed
I've not seen any of us I'm not I think
I might have heard about it before the
pirate game multiplayer co-op then it
sounds familiar
yeah we've seen footage angered blaggard
says hey space cadets hi if you woke up
in the 24th century and were offered a
position at Starfleet Academy which
branch would each of you go for I'm not
I'm hopefully unqualified traveling
science yeah you wouldn't want to pilot
a start you wouldn't want to like get up
and get up on deck pressing your guy
responsible when driving an asteroid yes
well yeah
we're going out there to see the neat
shit it may as well be the guys studying
the neat shit then you get you get some
time to stop and look I suppose
ideally you want to be in a nice normal
Starfleet ship not one that's constantly
getting into crazy battles and an
enterprise like misadventures you want
to beat you want to be on the ship that
the enterprise comes to rescue because
you're like this the normal science
vessel ripped off that dudes ear you
know I I think I'd want to I think I'd
want to be a helmsman yeah I'd want to
be in the shit flying around how boring
is that going to be ninety-nine percent
of the time well we're going straight
I've inputted the coordinates see in
five days I typed in a series of numbers
99% of the time easiest job yes but you
get to be right I want to be at the
front of the ship okay I'll be right at
the front of the ship faster please
hey buddy let's cool off it holds two
assists okay
besides being common that would be
number one for me number two I'm gonna
want to blow some shit up so put me on
security I'm gonna I'm gonna be the
trigger-happy security dude is mystical
station always always suggest shooting
at it yes the first course yes see that
seemingly on on violent science vessel
let's blow it up
aliens come on my ship let's blow them
up I want to shoot shit if I'm in space
I want to fly shit or shoot shit none of
these things are part of my current
skill set though you know perhaps you
know fluidity with you know controller
type things what was it was it here on
stream that we were talking about it was
at an article I was reading that was
like drone pilots in the military they
spent like millions of dollars making
their own ways to control drones for
military use and they decided that it's
just easier to use xbox360 controller
well yeah because that's what everyone
knows how much trained already on that
yeah yep
I said like all that money they spent on
like custom controllers for the d'haran
I'd just use xbox360 controller I think
it's great I think it's great
so it's very possible that my current
that my current skillset can help me
become a helmsman now that just means
we're gonna get pwned if China starts
training their soldiers on mouse and
keyboard we're done man it's the
beginning of the end
Xbox controllers their drones are gonna
be teabagging ours it's very true oh
they this definitely has an amos system
which I'm just gonna be oh you who you
to the right of that huh are you aiming
clearly to the right of that
yeah like there's a movie in there where
the government has to call him like a a
group of Aging no 90s PC gamers because
they are former quake 3 champions only
that's kind of pixels only you know not
against aliens right we've just remade
pixels on accident well what we need is
this is how you would do the remake of
The Last Starfighter Yeah right
and really pixels you know like the idea
was alright they just they just cocked
it up
which is fine it's a funny idea in
general all these drone pilots are using
Xbox 360 controllers we need pro gamers
manases recently relaunched Empire
Strikes Back the Empire good movie has
there been a space chase to top the
asteroid chase scene in that movie yet
also Wrath of Khan vs. undiscovered
country Wrath of Khan Wrath of Khan
though they're both great they're both
the both top tier Star Trek movies I'm
going with Wrath of Khan absolutely it's
just a little bit more solid of a movie
the that ending battle in the Nebula is
worth that whole goddamn movie never
been a better space battle right two
ships just two ships silently like
trying to outsmart each other I don't
know why they want to win away from
submarine combat with space movies I
know it's so much more interesting
I agree the tension where are they where
are they you know look it'll it'll all
cycle back around it'll all cycle back
around
and as far as the asteroid chase no that
has not been top but oh I'm sure how
many how many other space chases are
there any movies oh you know I'm oh shit
a parent I can't double jump yet okay I
cannot double jump yeah I noticed that
my double jump is offline
you know I'm trying to think there's
there's got to be a better space chase
than that I like the space pals and deep
space nine as nice as a novel team
because usually didn't see huge
Federation fleets but I don't like that
it's become the standard
it worked in ds9 because it sold the
scale like this is the the biggest war
or whatever you know sure things are bad
huge Federation foods seem to go against
the spirit of truck yeah which is why I
don't like that that's kind of become
the standard Star Trek battle scene
thousands of ships flying around lasers
everywhere
I like the space battles in Battlestar
you've never seen the much much the new
battle start now they had some really
great space babbino because they they
took space correctly in three dimensions
where like they could they could you
know the maneuverability of their ships
were on all accesses and so that was
like a big part of their piloting was
like just doing insane barrel rolls and
like stopping like that that cool thing
that uh that Poe does at the beginning
of the last Jedi where he like he almost
like puts a handbrake on a ship like
that's cool shit I like that shit
Battlestar had some really good space
battle scenes well I got a cloak oh oh I
just punched a rock
nonno so this game subverts my
expectations so you're you're pleasantly
surprised and 7/8 is rich what's the
more cringeworthy relationship worth and
Wolfe and Troy or Chakotay and seven of
nine Chakotay and seven of nine was that
a relationship yeah near the end of the
show it kind of came out of nowhere
yeah and I don't think they ever had
great chemistry together
I know this section is supposed to teach
me how to sneak but fuck it but I guess
I guess any scene where Chakotay isn't
just being Janeway's lap dog is a
pleasant surprise I know I know I've
mocked the lazy culture thing would you
Cote yeah yeah it's got a gum chip but
that's not the most offensive thing
about okay the most annoying thing about
Chakotay is just the absolute waste of a
carrot here's the form of make--the
captain and he's gonna butt heads with
Janeway that that's like the thing that
makes sense yeah but no he just
instantly becomes him/her Starfleet
lapdog and he has a waste of space a
waste of screen time a waste of dialogue
agreed the independent space rebel turns
into Janeway Smithers on a fucking dying
in the second episode second fucking
episode it's instant yep well you used
to be in Starfleet you would make a
great second-in-command and he goes boy
would I
oh yeah Oh that'd be a great second
here's what I'm supposed to go ye oh
alright I was being a little ridiculous
with the punching you can want you've
one punch people
yeah and so I got a little there will be
Titans in the Titan game I need to find
a power supply for my Titan before I can
get in my Titan and I'm fucking around
so true who refuses hey guys only ting
to say I finally won a game of pub Jean
what I drove halfway across the map to
end up hiding in a shack til and shack
at the end did you did you kill anyone
the best part is that second place was
using healing and boost cheats oh I've
seen that I've seen that healing cheap
I've seen that healing cheap bunch of
animals
stop time remains at me
a square button I'm trying to hit the
square button I'm not trying to hit
there we go
apparently I couldn't jump and hit the
square button I just had to hit this bar
button okay
you know kind of like this gun I have a
fondness for first enum of the machine
guns might be a little standard but
going over here what am i doing what am
i doing game you tell me
sohow's is working as a single-player
experience Jack uh you know it's hard to
tell because I don't have my my Titan
yet hey I got my double jump so I
haven't you know right now it's just a
standard shooter right but you know
shoots alright so so far I've been
shooting things and the things have been
shooting back at me so that's always
exciting
roans to shoot at but that's great
presumably regenerating health yes you
have regenerating health which is why
I've been able to just run up and punch
people yeah yeah which is fine
like that drone just punch a drone
because I'm sure that's what the game
makers intended I didn't do it yeah I
hope CD Projekt RED makes a space opera
and the same vein as Mass Effect someday
I mean I'll be done with that aren't
they working on it it's a cyberpunk
thing they are they're working on the
side with one
I feel like once the twist happens they
wouldn't hate the game but what game
this game I don't know
so far I'm enjoying it like it's it's so
far it's fine I have no complaints about
this game at the moment so settle down
apparently I'm unable to shoot these
guys
I'm gonna shoot those guys the twist
camera was about a different game he
wanted you still don't I still don't
know which game
oh you're on my team now tell Jax we're
gonna hold two guns
what dunkey taking literature for a
visual novel okay okay yeah let's get
all frog fractioning or something uh you
know even even if it does I don't know
if it's worth it that's a hard that's a
hard sell right there
you know Chad I have not watched fringe
what is the fringe it's a sci-fi show
that apparently gets better
I watched the first couple of episodes
is it on Netflix how do I have no idea
it's it's an it's it's you know maybe 10
years old at this point it's great so
older okay show starring um
Pacey from Dawson's Creek since creaky
Joshua Jackson maybe fringe is like the
spiritual sequel to The X Files it's
fucking great it has the fringe has it's
hard hard line fans okay I heard it does
have a bit of a rough start but you know
it's better how is the new x-files I
wonder I haven't heard much about it I
know it came back
that's back for another season
yeah and will they ever wrap it up
probably not floating dog three punches
to take out a dog I was curious
I was curious how many punches new
x-files is hot garbage that's sad that's
sad to be fair I don't
to be fair I'm not sure like you know
old x-files had its bad moments mmm
you know wasn't terrible wasn't perfect
I remember back in the day liking
x-files when they were doing standalone
episodes yeah yeah I've seen some
x-files but I'm hardly well-versed that
was kind of fun going visible sneak up
on someone yeah I hear you I hear you
Titan I didn't know you speak now
our 2/3 DataCore reinitialized ocular
system online adjusting focus Optimus
optimus oh yeah oh yeah i am bt 70 to 74
of endor class Titan of the militia SRS
Marauder Corps you may call me bt sim
7ai right like look who's finally do you
really need a fucking pilot but a third
battery will accelerate the process I
will remain here oh yeah they want to
teach you they want to teach you some
core gameplay mechanics before they
before they let you get into Titan
thanks optimus shetty a kills everything
EA touches is there is there something
EA hasn't killed no okay
they've killed legendary game companies
time falling nothing to them is
titanfall yay
well technically it's whoever EA is
currently ruining don't worry bt salvage
teams are not far away I mean and not
leaving is a common requirement for
pilots to maneuver in situations without
elite did I hear that the Mass Effect
Andromeda was so bad that Mass Effect is
a franchise is now officially on the
Shelf good well I think they killed it
with three
mash Matt's been dead for a while
anthem is going to kill bio Rao eyewear
is already dead what you're seeing in
fire where this is zombie it's a zombie
game studio where any of the people who
made Bioware Bioware they've been gone
for years now
how long did you serve with last mosa
captain massimo select with me 973 days
ago
be fair rich a zombie studio and it made
the fantastic new doom yeah but they
weren't owned by EA that's the key
component here
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
I feel like it's somebody at Bethesda
gives you shit well we know what they do
because they they fought for Doom
somebody at Bethesda cares about games
EA cares about how much money they can
just take out of your fucking wallet how
quickly they can do it and how much they
can get away with before the court shut
them down
you know what you know what ei would
never make dishonor oh you're sure
where's the microtransactions single
single single player how are we gonna
get concurrent revenue from our monetary
assets how do you I don't understand how
are we going to work in loot crate's
into a single player stealth game
nope that was dumb that was dumb
Bethesda is pissing me off with the
nonstop elderscrolls v remix if that's
getting them the income though that they
can make other things like Dishonored 2
maybe it's worth it I don't know I don't
know oh they got a game people like
they're gonna keep me they got a good
reliable money maker but they're pumping
that money into other things I can deal
but this is making good games you know
and people want more Elder Scrolls I
guess we we can give them a little bit
of leeway I think
Bethesda didn't make doom they published
it that's important because like as
weird as we're discussing here ei just
publishes shit and they destroy
everything they touch
Bethesda they publish it but they do not
destroy everything they touch they seem
to have a general concern for their the
products that they they've been the
publishers on some good games
in software is not dying under Bethesda
like Bioware is dying under EA or
basically already dead I'll give this
shotgun
shooting
let's talk about why you hate spawn
I don't I don't hate spawn as much as I
hate todd mcfarlane that's fair
a good writer can turn spawn into
something good and maybe that maybe it's
already happened and I just wasn't
reading when that happened because you
don't care about Todd is fine the
problem would spawn is todd mcfarlane a
mediocre artist at best and not a very
good storyteller not a storyteller at
all well rich old man yells at cloud
Evans hey I'm right though I'm usually
fucking right that first of all that
cloud was pissing me off
maybe the old man's yelling about clouds
so you get your stupid ass in out of the
rain saying good things about the Festa
yeah I'm not even I'm not even being
negative jackass oh you're being
negative about ei but I isn't everyone
on board that ei sucks I think I thought
so
I thought we were on the same page there
to be fair I tolerate todd mcfarlane
more than Seth MacFarlane no I'll take
south over Todd any day you know and for
as much as I don't like looking at Seth
MacFarlane he can be funny sometimes
I'll take Seth Seth MacFarlane
frequently comes off like a smug asshole
yeah I'm McFarlane is definitely a smug
asshole oh well I think the courts have
ruled that several times like there's
documentation that he's a smoker that
the Todd McFarlane is a smug asshole
absolutely the hypocrite who fucked Neil
Diamond over right he's a guy manner
gaming gay man I don't know I see these
names in print right we're a lot more
often than I spoke I've always assumed
Gaiman like I've never had any idea how
the hell you're supposed to pronounce
John Byrne or Brian's name doesn't be yr
+ y Y Z are and uh-huh
creator of the x-men and she-hulk and
many other comic books sure sure
like I rebooted Superman big huge kind
of a name right I have no idea how the
fuck you're supposed to pronounce it
right because you've just read it I've
just read it it's burned by your
I was saying bull urine it's pronounced
burn yes then you get Barbie why R and E
enemy reinforcements will be on their
way we must complete the neuro-link
immediately please install the battery
we're at full capacity pilot we must
establish a neural link in order to
proceed okay nama says yeah rich just
wanted to say thanks for the no death
run stream it means a lot when a
streamer will put themselves out there
so will streaming a run like that
hi Jack nice shirt I think this is a
fine church this means you'll try again
you know after the stream I went home I
I I went back after that save and I
played around with slappy a bit fine I
could kick his ass so easily no that's
cool that's good you're learning I
wasn't being I wasn't being aggressive
enough yeah I can I can stun lock him
with just simple jump kicks yeah I get I
could completely paralyze him for the
entire fucking fight now you know now I
know you kick him lock him down get four
hits in then he gets up and he does this
little spin fire and then he gets dizzy
after that she just run up and kick him
right away and just repeats endlessly
until he's dead no it's so easy
so easy so much hindsight so much
hindsight
narrow Lake complete primary weapon
control and motion link re-established
enemy titanfall detected we will have to
find our way to safety get ready portal
manesis rich where French shines isn't
it's monster-of-the-week episode and one
of the main characters is a mad
scientist with dementia I think we'd
enjoy it welcome oh I'll keep fringe in
mind then up says hey rich Leonard Cohen
just won the Best Rock performance
straight for you want a darker at the
grimace our r.i.p Leonard Cohen
alrighty our only chance of survival is
to uphold our mission of rendezvous with
major Anderson
apartment says good evening jack hi I
love following your Twitter yep
have you mailed your box of poop yet and
where do you see humanity's next step
knowing we are encouraged to mail our
poop
I think it's living longer because of
God getting to that colon cancer earlier
be proper like the eye I wasn't like
making fun of people screening for colon
cancer I think it's funny that you poop
in a box there's probably this whole
thing yeah well you put a plastic bag
over your toilet right yeah like you're
not supposed to actually like poop in a
box right but it's so a box that you
like if they have a mascot like it's a
little box masca so they want you to
poop in their cute little cartoon mascot
early detection that's what they say is
the difference between life and death
when it comes to cancer treatment yeah
detecting it as early as possible yeah
that's why it's all you know get
mammogram man how frequently are you
supposed to poop in a box that's the
question there's a lot I don't know
about this how much do they charge you
for pooping in a box right and like does
this what's the detection ratio versus
say a standard colonoscopy right yeah is
it cheaper is it I mean obviously it's
less invasive because you're not
sticking a camera up your butt
yeah but like is it cheaper does it
detect as well there's a lot we don't
know about pooping in a box for us our
only chance of survival is to rendezvous
with major Anderson at 60 klicks from
our current location to survive Optimus
I know I know it already has a mini mech
I guess it's got custom metal gears I
want I want a free-roaming in a
titanfall machine in like the middle of
your 5 yeah that would be great
this free-roam fucking shit out with a
giant robot right
you seen anything about that metal gear
survived I have not it looks like
they've done the phantom pain only
zombies really yeah
Oh
let's go I'm gonna burst core
punch a mech new Metal Gear Solid
doesn't even have Kojima so it was dead
but Kojima wasn't even always the best
thing for battle here I I know he did
some you know apparently all parts of
Metal Gear were Kojima including the
gameplay that we loved like I didn't
even know he was involved with five his
name wasn't on the box how did you know
how could you possibly have known
oh pardon me battery
I'm away
I Eve
now you can punch the humans wait I want
another human I splattered them oh yes
good Freddy come here that's all I want
that's all I want in life now is to
punch you thanks optimus oh yeah
now NASA speaking of EA and Bioware I
think Mass Effect 2 is an allegory for
Bioware's their threats on eh take over
benevolent seaman corporation revives
something good immunity manipulates it
for their own nefarious purposes
oh yeah anybody who has played mess
effective horribly confused when I
comment yep like me draw an analogy from
what happened to Bioware being bought
out by EA it's compared to what happened
in the game's story wise even faction or
the forces of your Cruiser
we get a mod we're doom Slayer is a
giant mecha-suit destroying demons
how absurd insanely awesome would that
be that's kind of actually what did this
guy you know you know the doom Slayer
will use a mech look at this guy yeah
it's great
oh how would the dude play he would pick
it up and swing it out of demon yeah I
think the doom Slayer would prefer to
use his bare hands
that's right that's you're talking about
different games here different games no
when when I play Doom I want to be the
doom Slayer I want to be doing guy the
part of some that would be fun briefly
as a mod or something
hi
Boniface is Jack I'm Jack if you could
solo stream made no deathrun slash full
run of a game what game slash a few
ideas of games would you stream oh I
have no idea as I typed this you speak
of poop in a box and I still tip what
does that say about me that you are as
interested as I am in pooping in boxes
it's not a no death run but is there any
game you would like to do just a full
playthrough one stream not necessarily
no death run not necessarily you know
different correct um I don't know that's
a that's I think that is a fair question
I think that's a fair question I did not
maybe maybe the answer is maybe I can't
I can't think of any off the top of my
head yes I mean I kind of want them
how are you Mike through this game so
far rich I'm not playing it but rich how
you liking that so far it looks okay I'm
spending a lot of time reading chat
though I'm not paying that much
attention to the game right these
shooting of things and it doesn't look
terrible that's what I got yeah and you
know as the one playing it I'm actually
enjoying it quite a bit
mhm good action I love you know an
appropriate amount of schlock I'm
enjoying the whole jumping in a giant
robot and punching people apart that's a
really great
oh my god that's where you start like
very weird stuff when he just stabbed
some dude running throwing star why
would I do that I can punch him punch
him in the fucking face better than
titanfall one titanfall one did not have
any kind of single-player experience I I
think our review of Titan fall one would
have been very different had it had a
single-player campaign
would have been a very different review
but yeah I consider this pretty standard
fare as far as shooters are concerned
but you get to hop in a giant robot
every once in a while so you know great
how are you not bored with this game yet
did you see when I got in the giant
robots and then punched people into a
blood splatter that was pretty awesome
all you can hope for is that they give
you enough fun things to do split up you
see them autonomous why do you need me
in the first place
giant robot given our dire circumstances
this is a risk
you gotta bTW you do the same
also go see you get fun guns though I
you know I do like to stick with just
kind of more the more standard guns but
this is shotgun me will give a shot
gonna try a sake let's give the shotgun
a try and then look can't you carry more
than one one I don't think so or if you
can I don't know how people were saying
you can yeah I'm the chap at least they
did early on that felt
I just picked up a shotgun this is what
we have here my IMC and militia friends
is a failure to communicate and that's
okay
who was the accessing files cane a
mercenary commonly affiliated with the
apex predators a well-known narcotics
user and supplier
house shit is the shotgun I kind of
range together I have no idea I just
picked it up
that's why all right
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna you know
ever stop loving just punching people in
the face
oh shit
you're my friend now let's go sleep yeah
leave my friend now Phil damn tell jack
to switch out his pistol you can switch
out the pistol for another gun
oh that's what I want to do thank you I
do want to do that I even have the
fucking pistol in the game then you
could get a cool pistol oh yeah you're
my friend now like I want that
six-shooter that I was that I was using
during training old hand sauce is
speaking of poop-poop
my doctor said he didn't want to give me
a prostate exam because his fingers were
too short - oh hey guys I was wondering
how often you get recognized by fans
when you were out and about fingers it's
you
also what is each of your funniest /
best fan interaction stories thanks and
keep doing you keep doing you keep doing
you you keep doing me two or three times
a year maybe is what I mean off and I
get recognized yeah that's a neat gun
hasn't happened since sometime last
summer
yeah I just got recognized I was at the
the beer and cheese festival yeah
recognized they're obviously a lot of
beer as far as funny fan interaction
story I think everyone is sick of those
stories the ones I tell over and over
again just ask the chat the play about
the time I got recognized didn't use DVD
store they can tell you about that yeah
I don't know I don't really have any
funny stories no one has done anything
yeah yeah I'm friendly this one told
rich till I see here's if I tell the
story then I'm gonna hear a lot of
comments FX here that somebody taught us
so many times that I use DVD store with
Karen and I'm just minding my own
business browsing the DVDs yeah guy
behind the counter I don't know I don't
know this is going on guy behind the
counter recognized the tape but I don't
think he was sure it was me so he went
to the store computer went to our
website he turned on one of our videos
that he knew I was in and this is this
is early on this is before best of the
worst he pulls up one of the old videos
I made with Mike when I was like a teen
and my grandmother is in the video yes
so I'm minding my own business browsing
DVDs was suddenly out of nowhere I hear
my dead grandmother's voice you know
over the loudspeakers and I I jumped
about ten feet straight in the air that
surrounds this guy
that's got to be creepy creepy as hell
what did I say to him hi like what do
you say in here and do anything actively
horrible he just made me think I was
hearing a ghost
that was the time rich almost believes
in cups I figured it out fairly quickly
by buying DVDs nothing I don't know
probably
I bought the from that store I don't
think it was that same trip to that
store but I bought from that store once
a George Carlin box set oh okay all of
the George Carlin HBO specials nice and
there was like a disc miss missing in
the packaging and so they gave us a
discount on it I did some research on
her later I wasn't missing anything it's
just the Box had an extra slot for no
good reason
oh I got a discount price on a full
complete set of George Carlin HBO comedy
special yeah
let's just live Abed guilt now no I
didn't know we everyone everyone at the
time legitimately thought it was missing
a DVD just nobody could figure out which
of one different time I gotta have an
aquarium at home yeah I bought shrimp
you bought a shrimp but if you have a
couple shrimp right I look into the tank
like a few days afterwards and I see
what looks like a pail dead shrimp in
the tank sure okay that story to
guarantee I take it back to the pet
store I got my money back for the shrimp
I come home the shrimp is still in the
tank he apparently just melted we had
the same number of shrimp that we bought
I just I just got a refund on a shrimp
moulting some fun fact if you buy a
shrimp at a pet store wait for it to
mold tell them it's a corpse and get
your money back if you if you'd like to
build a local business out of shrimp out
of shrimp money rich has got all the hot
tackle once again this was not a fraud
at the time I thought it was dead shrimp
right
I was I was surprised when I came home
and there was still the same number of I
bought two shrimp one of them didn't die
man these shrimp sure didn't lose a lot
of body mass later no no a shrimp
molting just looks like a tiny paler
shrimp
Amy paler shrimp well it's actually
about it's not even tiny it's about the
same size as the shrimp you finally hit
tiny because all shrimp are tiny yeah it
just looks like your shrimp why would
you buy a shrimp in the first place
because they're neat little algae eaters
we do shrimp are fun to watch and when
you have steak when you have a fish tank
algae is a big problem what so you need
to create a nice ecosystem to deal with
that how about how about you know take
your shrimp shaming somewhere else
about that
okay wait edek night says hey jacket
rich first live stream first time tipper
hey welcome first time subscriber watch
you on the youtubes all the time
thanks for inspiring me to buy a gaming
PC hope to see you out there and game
land races glad to be of help to you you
can often find us in game land I don't
know if you Pub G or overwatch but
that's where you'll usually find me
overwatch more so these days they have
the they have a new a new map out now
with the overwatch and it's loads of fun
you won't have a problem with algae it
can replace the fish water every week or
you can get it some shrimp
LG's fine me in that ramp to tanks but
that one for Christmas a year ago I got
Karen on some glow fish tank okay
there's not much algae in that but it
doesn't get that much direct light and
then I like that tank enough but I got
myself like six months later a planted
tank a plant food to planted tank and
that's it's got live plants in it and
that that that has an algae problem but
because of the plants you need to have a
decent light in there
and is it like a glow later no that's
not Caryn's is a glow like mine right I
guess it's ours but the other the other
tank this is no that's my tank
III was adamant that I wanted it
decorate now she you know I I paid for
her glow fish tank but she you know she
did all the decorating yeah like I'm
gonna do this next one I want to do it I
want to do it
doo-doo-doo
glofish or lite-brite glofish are
genetically engineered fish to be bright
neon dark light reactive colors they're
not injected they're actually
genetically engineered
j.r.r Lovecraft says I'm 41 with a
family history of colon cancer recently
had a colonoscopy and had two polyps
removed both found to be non cancerous
that's good that's good
cost me less than 300 insurance covered
the rest very nice very nice I'm very
curious on to like cut you know benefits
drawbacks to pooping to box pooping
costs benefit drawbacks if it's not as
accurate you know like to me any sort of
screening accuracy is gonna be my
number-one concern right and so even if
it's cheaper and we know it's it's
obviously less invasive because you poop
in a box the only thing that matters to
me is accuracy analysis why is it that
the pilot the original series sent looks
and feels way better than the actual the
original series sent there's something
for talking about the star for activity
lessons how different would the show B's
if the pilot captain and by pilot the
pilot of the show
your meeting was the permanent one
personally I think it would have been
better as far as set quality I I have I
have not sat down and analyzed the
differences and how they said looked in
the pilot I'm not I'm not that familiar
with that off the top of my head as far
as Captain Pike versus Captain Kirk yeah
I I have said before on stream that if I
could visit an alternate universe where
Jeffrey hunter took the lead role in
Star Trek I would love to see how that
turned out
I would love that series box set and I'd
love to see what the movies they made
afterwards yes I'd be I'd be 100% down
to see that I can't I can't say that I
think it would necessarily be better but
tone wise it would be a little bit
different yeah you're gonna Shatner's
Curt is a little bit Sherlock here yeah
and then and then if it was if it wasn't
so schlocky would it be as popular I
don't know that's why I would love to
visit an alter you know an alternate
universe where this happened right right
I'm with you um with you I don't know if
I've ever seen the pilot the unaired
pilot I know eh it's good it's good okay
I don't know if you watch much original
series I'm not no you're a T&G; guy yeah
yeah I'm more of a TNG guy
they probably would have lived to an
older age that's for sure
yes Jeffrey hunter would have lived
longer had he taken the original series
role right anybody who doesn't know
after after Jeffrey hunter filmed the
pilot for Star Trek late after after
they made that Jeffrey Hunter's wife
comes into Gene Roddenberry's office his
wife and says I hunt my husband is a
movie star not a television star he will
not be taking the role and that's why
Jeffrey hunter was not in the Star Trek
series that's why we didn't get Captain
time and what ended up happening was a
few years after that shortly after that
look at your - after that Jeffrey hunter
died overseas while filming a movie
isn't some got a car accident or
something right yeah right right he died
a movie actor though well then there you
go that's all that matters not a lowly
TV one of the most iconic roles of all
time hindsight is a funny thing rich
the insight is a funny thing
but she was in some big films though
like The Searchers I know that but
I think Kirk's a bigger deal than being
that other guy in the searcher the heck
was that
which if you're recapping old stories
look look I'm trying not to people just
keep asking me shit we've talked about
it doesn't anonymous I know it's a lot
on you guys for a couple of streams but
it's been a while I think it's time to
get some hype going on the next voice
over stream we need action drama romance
flora plum Ann that's also true we
decide what we're in the mood for like
the day of usually
you
they don't see that thing where another
like pilot showed up and executed a guy
what was that about my I was in the
middle of a big firefight and all of a
sudden the camera almost like went away
from my first-person perspective and it
showed like a third-person perspective
of someone like a close-range
assassinating some guy and then it went
back to my first-person perspective and
I have no idea what that was or was
supposed to mean
that was an execution
that was what is theoretically to drive
this game this is it giant robot battles
also there is an online multiplayer
component
that was you know
novices some what kind of animal would
you want to be crap and overwatch Blizz
world stream please
I've been enjoying Blizz world what is
blues world it's the new map okay it's
the new overwatch mound and you know
shit
doing great
madam massage last night was movie night
with the missus okay I wanted to watch
predator but she insisted we watched
High School Musical it was a horribly
boring movie but at least she's happy
things we do for love comes that's just
the brakes you gotta watch something you
don't like every now and then compromise
my friend compromise next time a
predator which do you like any sports
video games rocket League
just like MLB power pros on the weed I
guess I still like it I just haven't
played it in a while
so there's gonna be secrets we have to
fight one of these things on foot isn't
there that's gonna be like the climax
your your robot gets blowed up yeah your
robot whoo-whee they've been spending a
lot of time making sure that you know
that you're friends with this robot like
you well yeah that's how you know the
robots gonna do you you like this robot
that's okay I mean I'm not visiting
criticism it might make for a fine
climax honestly right I'm just saying
it's gonna happen oh yeah
that first touring
auto flagellate IRS's based on in Rich's
recommendation tried replaying Dead
Rising wife okay I agree that Frank West
is a better character is the survivor AI
and Pat finding maybe quickly
frustration oh I'm sorry for you okay we
don't all have to like the same thing
true
notice you'd never play any 4x games i i
tried streaming master of orion to once
both Jack and the Chad hated it stream
Star Wars rebellion matter it's like a
bad version of Master of Orion but
people will like it because it says Star
Wars oh sure
people like Star Wars and they like the
things that say Star Wars we get that
also homeworld that is not a 4x game
that's just a real-time strategy game I
know it's got spaceships I wanted to
like homeworld so much yeah oh yeah
homeworld is it's beautiful I just I
can't get into realtime strategy which
why do you dislike Eddie Brock because
he has the lamest motivations of any
comic book villain a strong history in
warfare
spider-man ruined my news story when he
found the real killer I'm gonna murder
spider-man now that's stupid that's so
fucking stupid yeah III think there
there's a way to do that well if if like
if by no means if if he was constantly
being overshadowed and outdone by Peter
Parker and Peter Parker didn't even know
he existed right but just Peter Parker
just happened to do everything so much
better than him and Spiderman was always
like he was always like coming up with a
plan to yeah to get Eddie Brock up and
up and going but slow that spider-man
and that just kept on snowballing and
snowballing and it was built up a little
bit more yeah then he gets the symbiote
and the symbiote starts corrupting that
it could work it's unfortunately like
like I said in the
comics it's like a half a page yeah yeah
well that's spider-man I think there's a
way to do it okay
Joe the original idea for venom was
gonna be it was gonna keep switching
host that's a good idea yeah like I
believe the plan was after Eddie Brock
who's just gonna be a one-issue thing
yeah he was gonna be with dr. octopus
for a while whoo yeah it's kind of a way
to like one up or kind of breathe new
life into old villains yeah yeah with
that but venom just got too popular
think they couldn't do that oh sure
a copy over responding he's got to be
headed your way
understood a shout a shout
miss bliss he is a war criminal wanted
by the militia commonly employed by the
IMC meliss was responsible for the death
of my previous pilot captain lessons
they did the origin better in the
spectacular spider-man cartoon yeah but
it's completely different
he's Eddie Brock a name only in the
cartoon
why didn't shoot that you right are you
looking forward to the upcoming
spider-verse movies the spider-verse
sounds like a stupid concept look
spider-man spider-man team-up spider-man
I'm not down with that all the spiders
yeah all the spiders aw it looks so
badass I'm super hyped hi
Mega's Alexandros 86's first time I've
ever caught a live stream huge fan of
you boys and LM in general thanks for
all of the rad content we're rad I'm
sure you've been asked this before but
do you or Jack play rust or minecraft no
I've seen rust I've never I've heard of
for us what is rust oh I don't even know
if I know I know rust by name only okay
I know rust by name only
looking forward to homecoming - yeah the
sequel to the best spider-man movie ever
made yeah I'm interested to seeing that
yeah yeah I'm super super hyped
minecraft ok so I've played a little bit
of Minecraft obviously it is you know
one of the most popular games ever and I
wanted to know what it was all about and
it's fine it's a perfectly fine game jan
21
if I am blood drop oh nothing no just
that was mean pretty freedom they
bloodshot says had a thought about
Batman vs Superman removed Batman and
haven't beat Lex Luthor that rushes into
the collapsing building in the opening
it would be a new take on Lex and give
him proper motivation to hate Superman I
guess and you gotta think you're gonna
fix Batman vs Superman you also have to
fix Superman right and remember how
awkwardly they tried to fix him in the
Justice League they just tried to
pretend that he was a different
character this whole time hero that was
beloved that was beloved and guess what
nobody bought that chin we all smelled
that stank
naima sews these Titans seem expensive
they could just build a bunch of drones
that explode yeah they probably should
yep
I've always said that I think that could
like that could be a fun game look at
some point in science fiction you have
to wonder why they don't just drop a
bunch of nukes on things why is why is
nuclear technology been lost atom bombs
where are the atom bombs well you know
that's it wouldn't be that wouldn't be
as fun because you know that kills
everyone and everything we have to go to
the enemy's planet and invade with ships
and guns and drones and thousands upon
thousands of Marines versus we need to
go to the enemy's planet we just need to
drop some nuclear bombs on it well that
would be abandoned that would be a very
short and not so fun game that would be
an ode gotta remember what we're doing
here people we're playing a game we've
absolutely got to wipe out that rebel
base don't drop a bunch of nuclear bombs
on it the whole rebel base well usually
there's someone a rescuer in town
together I think I think a game like
like this but with a drone could be a
lot of fun you know like it you have to
find a place to hide yourself while you
control the drone and then you could
like set the drone to do cool stuff that
could be neat yeah I'm just saying if
you're gonna dig in the logic of why you
would build giant robots you would never
build giant robots is the answer right
aging hostile infantry sorry pilot
you're not going anywhere
like somebody you just have to accept
that we have giant robots right yeah
we've already built the giant robots we
might as well use them and we have to
accept that you know it's not
necessarily supposed to make a hundred
percent sense because we're here to have
a little fun just here to have a little
bit of fun
Capone lol just hey guys in your Tony
Hawk stream you took a jab at his age
but did you know back in 2016 he did a
nine hundred at the age of 48 something
very few pro skaters and their prime can
do keep up the Sun streams that's great
is great for junior that man that may
make a jokes walk eating on Tony oh yeah
we were just having a little fun
I'm sure I'm sure Tony took it very
personally
Donna says don't read comics so
homecoming was not my favorite
spider-man movie at first however I have
been flying a lot and watched it three
times more for some reason it is just so
rewatchable and I've changed my opinion
interesting you well and what's
interesting to me is that you say like I
don't read the comics and so I didn't
like it but I mean I guess I feel like
it works even without the common stuff
of course I have very little base that
off of because I do read the comics
but why why would not reading the comics
in influence your judgment um because
probably because they're used to the
movie spider-man we've had before
sure Tobey and Andrew sure that was
spider-man yeah but it's the way it
works without any prior knowledge of it
working in other comics I think at least
dudududu I can see where if you're
familiar with mostly the Sam Raimi films
it would be weird to have a Spider Man
who's funny sure let me punch your
Dickens
is it that should be the whole game it's
just punching everybody
good idea thank you Arlis
Rito blood says hi guys hi thanks for
all our LM content
I rarely catch you streaming too late
for us Europeans anyhow any plans to
play f13 again part 5 update is coming
good luck and best wishes from Slovakia
I'm sure we'll play it again at some
point it's a Friday the 13th is a fine
fallback game you know yeah that's
that's fair that's fair to say I find it
funny that the next update is part 5 and
not Jason X which they already actually
teased oh really yeah you didn't know
they teased no I did not know that these
spoiler yes we know you know maybe we'll
know Oh fine
no I guess I didn't want a spoiler they
dropped a hint that Jason axe is the
thing we might be in food
oh no my take
no spoiler for you for I guess it fine
if you've seen spider-man one and
spider-man 3 you've seen spider-man - no
man spider-man despite of Sam Raimi
spider-man 2 is the good one spider-man
1
Sauron spider-man 3 really falls apart
at the end but spider-man 2 that's
that's the one to watch
your participation dropped by 80% all of
a sudden yeah you're not reading the
chat you know what dropped the new hat
from the back son of a bitch it is fine
it is fine I did some work on this half
in the bag yeah yeah I was there I know
oh that's true yeah
I spent most of my weekend helping make
this half in the bag possible by the way
you're welcome everyone
so Jay must have been ok with it I sent
it I sent it to Jay on Friday forgetting
that B Fest was this weekend and you
know not knowing like how fast they
wanted it and so I I got a ton as
quickly as I could these this thing that
I was helping work on for the half of
the bag and Jay was like oh yeah I'm out
of beat Fest this weekend so you know
thanks but you know don't need this
right now none of my service I was
reading Wikipedia the other day yeah
found out spider-man is the strongest
non divine character he's stronger than
Captain America this is very true half
his problems could be solved by just
punching heads off he's not that
stronger than the whole the hoax not
divine yeah but divine mystical whole is
not mystical I would assume that's what
divine means yeah that's what divine
names but and yeah the character is
probably stronger than a lot of people
assume he is but speedermen
speedermen right but also he you know
he's got a code man he doesn't kill no
one spider-man's no killer it's not
stronger than the thing
no things stronger you're right you're
right and I'm just thinking heroes not
villains Venom's stronger the Scorpion
is stronger
I guess the juggernaut has divine powers
the juggernaut is definitely strong yeah
that's mystical I believe Colossus is
stronger and I don't know up top my head
exactly how strong Colossus is the cost
this is significantly stronger you know
are they putting him in the same
category as mutants you know like who
have divine they're not like Thor right
all right fair enough
juggernaut was a mutant juggernaut is
the brother of Charles Xavier but he
doesn't get his invulnerability from you
powers he gets them from a magic crystal
for a tablet I thought I was a crystal
kairo kairo kairo tank
crystal is got a something called your
name that I can't pronounce right but
his powers are mystical an origin
bizarre though yes anyone can have the
juggernaut powers Saito rad that's it
he has to like recite a code and
everything he has to like he has to like
hold hold a crystal or a tablet and then
recite a code right like an incantation
to get his juggernaut strength thought
jokes got it from his helmet no his
helmet protects him from psychic attacks
the juggernaut so he needs it much much
like Magneto's helmet
thickest helmet also has the
degenerative look in the gym and that is
just no I just don't know
I just don't know for Jimmy's in his
chest right now however you slice at the
juggernauts having a cool head helmet
haha that goofy helmet and his
ridiculous size it's just the best his
ridiculous size is pretty yeah agreed
like the characters design to have no
neck or at least look like he has no
neck right on yeah
Christel of Saito rack is in his chest I
was right you did it
shit
Saamy
yeah just getting old sometimes
oh uh you know I got a doom it feels
like you know if you're looking at a
party looks go a lot of the same thing
we're playing it doom never gets old
that's true does this get old it's
getting it's getting a little repetitive
I know like I I could probably change it
up by choosing some different guns yeah
which actually I might do right now all
right sorry Hey they have some mechanics
that I don't think I'm utilizing quite
to their full potential
yeah so part of it might be on me
dick die
like this there's this invisibility
thing that I don't think I'm using to
its full advantage right but also I
really haven't had to so
is he playing on controller Jack found
this game for 8 bucks on the ps4 that's
why Jack is playing with the controller
yeah it was $8.00 because because I'm a
cheap bastard and I kind of figured I
would only play this game once I did not
want to spend more I did not want to
spend more money than I needed to
this one flips this is neat right here
like the the platforming the movement is
fine
this guy comes out
this like this nice call nice call
go invisible don't see me I've seen me
already equipped
Brown Adam Sandler's has gave the
earlier tip about homecoming
due to character limits from SM for
spider-man and rich reddit as superhero
I don't think I did I was saying
homecoming wasn't my favorite spider-man
movie at first because spider-man - OH
I mean I know I'm prone to saying things
wrong so I'm not gonna say it definitely
didn't but I thought I said spider-man I
don't know - buying games for business
expense

[Part II]
buying games from business expense
normally wait for the game to be a few
months be out for a few months or to you
buy when it first comes out it depends
upon the game and whether or not I feel
like I want to wait the plan yep
like XCOM 2 came out immediate immediate
purchase right it depends upon the
anticipation well and I've definitely
like I'm definitely I feel like a little
looser than your than your average
person when it comes to buying games
because yeah if we can get a stream out
of it boom
our Arkham Knight you know even if we
weren't doing a review despite my
reservations about the Batmobile yeah I
knew that was gonna be crap I that would
have been out of day one regardless do
you think yeah I like the other games
too much
the hell are they building here bTW
it's gonna happen
shit
but people wanted to drive the Batmobile
which I'm talking about myself and I was
very unexpected
I never wanted to drive the Batmobile
and that this is just me right I was
apprehensive about the Phantom deal
before I cannot because I was you know I
turned out to be totally justified I was
worried that half the game would be
driving shit and it was more than half
and turned out like the best use of the
Batmobile
the first Arkham game Batman drove the
car to where he was going at the
beginning of the game that is how you
utilize the Batmobile yeah
so I wasn't one of those people who's
okay where do you what can't we use the
Batmobile in Arkham good I was never one
of them
then it saved his ass from Bane yeah in
that that that's like one percent of the
game it had happened in a cutscene once
again the appropriate use of the
Batmobile in a Batman game
I'm with you I'm with you turned it
turned into too much of a thing yeah
Batmobile should be a situational device
and that our Batman spends 95% of his
time fucking around with the Batmobile
right
oh that's neat oh he also needed to get
something out of the trunk in Arkham
Asylum
once again appropriate to the Batmobile
oh there you go
okay I don't think we're on that way
wait for the next one wait for the next
one but a first-person Batman game work
probably not
probably mad
I think with a lot of well-established
characters you want to see the character
I think by and large well also I think
it's really appropriate to have the bulk
of bet man be about hand-to-hand combat
sure and doing that in first-person
perspective would be laborious it would
not work as well they would not work as
well
60 Batman can't be noir game wears them
that they really if they really wanted
to change it up know what they do an
Adam West style Arkin game like we've
done this Arkham thing three times four
times how do we how do we change it up
you go full camp you can't get Adam West
to do the voice anymore
but can you imagine Adam West style
Batman Arkham game that would be a lot
of fun oh yeah that would be a lot of
fun you it would still be you know like
stealth and oh yeah
fighting but it's in the style of Adam
West yeah I loves all stuff like old
chum and oh you know what would be a
gameplay mechanic huh
death traps like the death traps I had
on that show escaping from the death
trap
yes you're about to be impaled by
swordfish you're tied up yes
the heck is that God oh that just
vaporizes people that's great any more
bullets though
all of the stealth takedowns they ended
up owls yes you you stayed up behind
them and then you Batman spins up around
and then you get the flash on the
uppercut with the the sound effect that
everything do do I agree
either the stealth takedowns or that's
like you know how when you get the combo
meter you can do the takedown boom yes
that's the power once you build the
combo meter up you do the instant
takedown which is the power I'm so down
for this I'm so very very down for this
with the idle animation be the bentusi
should be a grapple mechanic so you walk
up the side of the building Cape is like
hanging down towards the building the
camera light goes on its side that's let
you climb yes right what who what damn
it
Robin is player - you could have it
could be a two-player yeah yeah be AI
partner most of the time you'd have to
have Robin and the the de can't be
Batman game oh yeah
either co-op or AI Robin
shit
can we get a workout tape with Bane how
would you do Beynon like a sixties style
because he'd have to have the campy
friendly version of vane right that's
nowhere near as threatening he oh you
get he's like a pro wrestler yeah he's
oh he's a luchador a he's ever Bain
yeah he's elven that's who it is his
henchmen I'll have the luchador mask
yeah yeah well and he wants he just
wants to steal something he doesn't want
to break the Batman's back it's steel
well that's what they are
just el2 something-or-other
you know
steal the wrestling belt he deserves oh
the gold the diamond-encrusted wrestling
belt well old chum
it's a shame we'll never make this they
will never make this by the way
motherfucker but uh yeah this is this is
that's a really fun idea this is a
really fun idea there would be there'd
be a lot more like walking around in
puzzle solving I almost wonder if you
could do a little bit of it like um
almost like an adventure game where you
need to like collect items and you know
solve mysteries because I think I feel
like that was a lot of old Batman or a
60s Batman I don't know no I'm just
thinking that you keep a lot of what was
still there in the Arkham games and this
would make it fresh yeah I don't
and yeah you wouldn't you wouldn't need
to add something just for the sake of
advancing yourself
if everyone could have a magnifying
glass tech division is just a magnifying
glass yes
why is it not happening already I love
it
I would absolutely want the Batmobile in
that version oh you know fair point
there has to be a sequence where you
have to go through like the shark tank
and that's where the upgrade you get the
new item you get is the bat shark
repellent the gadgets would all be silly
oh of course and wonderful silly and
wonderful the bat boat shoes across the
water the bad shoes yeah you could do it
maybe a little Metroidvania style where
you know you pick up the boat shoes and
you can go back to the earlier level no
now you can walk across the water old
chum
people talking
it's just too bad I don't Wes can no
longer force this I know I know you know
you get you get some other you know you
get your will arnett or some other
interesting voice who can do a
half-decent adam west impression how do
you do to face from the sixty style well
your character model instead of looking
like his face is bert it has to look
like half of his face is just like badly
done makeup it's bright green right with
some wavy lines and grease paint yes all
of these things yes
that was a dumb idea
cheddar did the 60s to face alright yes
we did of the animated cartoons I
haven't I haven't watched them they did
a oh they did a six easy Adam West 60
style cartoon where William Shatner
played two-face
oh yeah good choice good choice yes
they did that for the new fat man
returned the Caped Crusader's that's
that's exactly what I'm talking about
somebody brought that up in the chat I
might not have vocalized that well
enough they did a cartoon where William
Shatner before his two-face put Adam
West a fat man 60 style
that sounds delightful
now a blood chant says I'm disappointed
there was no fuck you it's January video
this year and the rest of what you say
is a spoiler for the new half in the bag
so I will not read it thank you Oh
MC Lucas says just watch the latest half
in the bag what the fuck is wrong with
you guys
keep up the fantastic work dudes you
like that you know have fun nothing fun
just have holes just having a little bit
of a good time that's a neat gun so if
you're gonna have Rochelle ghoul
he wasn't invented yet so he couldn't
appear in the sixties show okay who
would play Rochelle cool about it right
now at the time at the time I have my
choice and it's brilliant
at the time at the time in 66 who would
have played Rachele cool Ra's al Ghul
nobody knows how to pronounce it for
sure I'm trying to think of who was
alive in 66 all right you know I'd blow
your mind yeah
Ricardo Montalban not bad not bad
Ricardo Montalban gets a gets a whole
load of not bad rich how do you feel
about Ricky Ricardo how do you feel
about that I don't know
I like Ricardo Montalban better yeah no
Ricardo Montalban works but Desi Arnaz
not the worst choice
barely it was a meat grinder you okay
I'm damaged however I do not believe
this is a food processing plant
my left this place is going to turn
itself inside
Vincent Price I don't know if that's
Roger like Raja al Ghul has a certain
like grace and dignity and I'm not
saying Vince Bryan doesn't have that
have that but he has his own Vincent
Price has his own creepy weirdo thing
yeah the red hood the red 60 style James
Dean James Dean is the red hood
I like it
James Dean was dead in 66 a shoot I
thought I thought maybe I'd sneak in
there at the border this is a neat
sequence right here when did when did
James Dean died what year was it you
don't Jeff do you know what year was
specifically was it fifties look at this
we're not like a house but we're
sideways sort of to like climb up the
furniture and shit yeah that's neat
57 okay that's considerably off 5755
according to google
this is blowing my mind a little bit
they never did do scarecrow Oh Sees
scarecrow could go to Vincent Price he
was egghead he was on the 60 show
someone else was he yes shit Vincent
Price one of him a choice but he's taken
I don't know which way is up and for his
Dracula cred Christopher Lee maybe that
was he not Dracula into the 70s with a
hammer movies
Anthony Perkins a scarecrow oh I like it
I like Anthony Perkins a scarecrow
Anthony Perkins I'm drawing psycho
Norman Bates up khun's Perkins yeah
Norman Bates so when you said psycho for
some reason first of all that's great
casting but when you said psycho for
some reason my mind clicked to Silence
of the Lambs yeah I was like oh wait is
it a little too old but
all right your des ian has inspired me
yeah
Lucille Ball Harley Quinn yes
this is weird this is sufficiently weird
and I dig it
loading scenario 1 to 7 in dynamic
simulation dome 3 1 4 yes I know I know
Harley didn't exist in 66 but neither
did Rochelle ghoul we're just having a
little having a little fun yes
what the what
what
delivering militia test subjects
scenario one to seven
loadcomplete what
I don't know I haven't been playing the
game
Sean Connery is Ra's al Ghul how's that
terrible
so why are the manufacturing of fake
clearly fake that's a great question
deploying additional replay to test a
scenario I don't exactly know ship
I can tell you I'm slightly getting my
ass handed to me
Humphrey Bogart is Batman Humphrey
Bogart as the question oh yes she's my
hero cameos in there
Malcolm McDowell is the Mad Hatter is
inspired
he actually did the voice on the
animated series did Nikki know was he
dead matter which ones me who's Malcolm
McDowell Rida McCall not Malcolm
McDowell riding McDonald riding McDonald
did he say Malcolm and I he said Malcolm
and I read that as my brain that I
interpret that is rotting I thought he
was talking about riding McDowell no
riding McDowell as the Mad Hatter okay
who's riding me about Fright Night he
played the the vampire hunter TV guy he
was one of the apes in Planet of the
Apes done a bunch of things he was in
shock mom yes okay now now you're
speaking my language shock MA Roddy died
in the 90s but did he did he voice the
Mad Hatter before he died that voice
fits
but anyway he would have been great for
the Mad Hatter on the 60 show yes
Roddy McDowall absolutely I'm with you
right a McDonald's on the 60 show as
book bomb okay cities out
Malcolm MacDonald would make a decent
mathematics you given up not Batman 66
style we need we need the camp yeah you
need the camp
what about Hugo Strange Phil Silvers so
many old people how do you know so many
old people I didn't know so many rebury
reruns honestly
you know all the old Gregory pecks got
to be in there somewhere
no no you know what Gregory Peck is your
cameo as Clark Kent Superman
either that or Harvey Bullock I would
see Gregory Peck as give me a good he'd
be a good Clark and you'd be a great
yeah who did Jimmy Stewart play
and Victor Josh Gordon see where we're
not wrapped recasting the six to show
we're just saying who at the time could
have played some of these characters
that they didn't use on the 60 show
that's kind of what the conversation is
more from 1960s Badman already had a
perfect penguin arguably the definitive
penguins whoo yeah burgess Meredith
right presenting Mustangs name right
I don't know if you're saying is good
but a great penguin like the definitive
that show are the definitive penguin and
the definitive Riddler yes the Riddler
to which all other Riddler's are
compared yeah agreed
as much as I like the Arkham Riddler a
fucking warrior is a frank Gershwin I
think on that roll fucking own that roll
frank gorshin
I get gorshin yeah also the the Riddler
from Batman 66 remember the the famous
Star Trek episode with the people their
faces were half white and half black
yeah of course it was one of them really
yeah he got all around
no love for John Ashton Riddler no Frank
Gershon own that roll
which why are you not playing this
because it's on a ps4 and I'm not
playing the first-person shooter with a
gamepad
this is a highly dangerous environment I
suggesting with mark
pilots I detect an exit beyond this dog
check your heart inside
I want scorch this
right and remember the only reason I'm
playing this on the ps4 is because it
was very cheap and I didn't think I
would get much play time out of it right
I have I've gotten like I've been more
interested than I really thought I would
be if I can't worry about it I'm far too
worried about you do you Jack you do you
I'm gonna I'm doing a jiggy puffs says
jakey put up so I decided to see what
Mass Effect was about just finish Mass
Effect 3 feeling frustrated but still
happy for the experience and the
character stories thanks for leading me
to it key loss see ye I don't know the
thing they say the thing that Sally says
I don't remember heal us alive keyless
live ya know I'm glad you enjoyed it
yes more humans to Smosh don't you smush
him if I step over them yes I do yes I
do that's important
but fudge whoa ash has got a sword sent
a robot piloting a robot yes yes it is
I'm sensing some redundancies
uh-huh I don't understand if you have a
problem with this
kicking her ass feel like I'm doing
pretty well so far for now but I've now
I've lost her
excuse me
chantix cuz some of you were talking
about her right now yeah so I'm not
gonna get too into it but I don't I
don't think the DLC ending for Mass
Effect 3 fixed fixed anything it just
elaborated on everything that was
terrible so like it's still bad but it
just explained it more why it's bad it's
still bad I just understand more why
it's bad sure they sold another ending
no it was so poorly received they did it
for free
oh poor Mass Effect yes it was like a
film that explains midi-chlorians
because that was a real problem if
Libyans were still a bad idea no I think
the real problem is people just didn't
understand all they could about
midi-chlorians that was the real problem
they're rich did you like that episode
of half in the bag I haven't seen the
finished product I was pretty like I I
could have done a little bit more to
clean up my my super-sweet special
effects and and so I sent it to Jay on
Friday and I was like hey yeah here's
what I got done I don't know when you
wanted to get this out but you know this
is my my quick and dirty version but oh
I can make it make it better
also Jay failed to explain to me his
camera shot and so I thought this was it
was gonna be a much easier okay special
effect thing they wanted it so sorry I'm
happy to help
I'm just saying hey this is
congratulations
III I'm enjoying I'm enjoying the the
mixture of of you know a little
platforming things with shooting things
I would like
well what is that
is it gonna get timey wimey Jack would
you recommend this game so far it's
alright it looks like suddenly time
travels thing yes yeah here's um for
$8.00 so far
fiery dog poop says you guys played tell
tells Batman enemy within I'm liking the
direction they're taking with Joker's
and I'm not gonna read the rest because
it's spoilers but I have not I've not
played that they had over on the iPad
yeah they had a free trial you could
play like the first chapter yeah and I I
have never played a telltale game and
says like oh you know I could play this
could be a nice little like you know
going to the bathroom game like there's
just a fun little thing on the iPad I'll
give the first chapter a try holy shit
it was way worse than I was expecting
see I'm I'm leery of any game which
could hypothetically be converted into a
series of youtube links that's yes yes
that's exactly what it was it was it was
infuriating because you know like the
QuickTime events were awful and blatant
and just you know their excuse for
gameplay but then you know the whole the
whole crux of the of the other part is
the decision-making in the story like
you need to make a decision and there's
a timer on the decision yeah and so you
you don't really have time to like think
it through or sometimes you don't even
have time to read the full option yes
I'm just like oh maybe this one oh shit
I just called her a bitch I did not want
to do that and so like I felt I felt
really bad about every decision I had to
make because I didn't feel like I had
enough time to digest them mm-hmm and
then the QuickTime events were just you
know swipe left
that's why bright that's what Brighton
that's wiped down it was very bad
so nobody sees you when you go back into
the time no but apparently I could bump
into people and now there's dragons so
we got dragons
what happened everyone here their bodies
amazed unusually however some show signs
of weapon fire
hopefully Anderson's alive Anderson is a
veteran SRS pilot he has survived
multiple covert missions within enemy
territory
okay strange I supposed to shoot the
dragon with Sam's are they attacking you
then don't shoot that because then they
will attack you okay interesting I'm
detecting traces of a massive energy
explosion throughout this facility
however around the data does not detect
the same in the other timeline
but none of these remains match the
genetic profile with major Anderson he
may still be alive
what oh that's your the door that made
your Anderson died that's why I got you
you say would be will be or would be
there's a difference
I got a satchel Touche rich
budget Messiah so is just finished Star
Trek Discovery's 13th episode I think
you should get back into it shred shit
gets better after the mid-season even if
I still present the retcon of how
Klingons get cloaking devices I ain't
know if I if I go back to watch it I'll
binge it when the seasons done
I prefer binging shows anyway agreed but
tender says love the new half in the bag
great work guys those special effects
cost a fortune they took me they took me
some time I didn't do all the special
effects but and I and I won't spoil it
for anyone who hasn't seen it yet I can
go into I can go more thoroughly into I
did later
now I need to see the episode
okay that's fine I didn't want to go
there maybe important data within major
Anderson's helmet
you should retrieve it for analysis I oh
I see oh that's major Anderson I wasn't
even paying attention to that
bTW I found Anderson he's in the ceiling
objective complete we have rendezvous
with Major Anderson Charlotte his face
Mega's Alexandros I I tried watching
Gotham and I could not get into it rich
ever seen Gotham at all did you watch
that show I I should catch up with it
yeah I've watched and enjoyed it and
then at the point I caught up to where
they were
I never resumed once they started to
show up so I even watched past season
one okay it wasn't necessarily my thing
I remember you telling me about like the
one part you really liked about that the
victors are just walking into the police
station and and saying get out no they
listen that was the moment I loved the
show oh no I was talking about the
balloon killer oh that was just a
general great yeah yeah a balloon killer
I think that was funny
I would I think I would appreciate
something like that now the moment that
made that show for me I guess I'm
spoiling it now but it's two years old
at this point when Victor Josh he's off
to kill Commissioner not commissioner
Horton just Gordon deceptive gore's
optical Detective Gordon he just walked
right into Gotham PD yeah tells all of
the other cops to get out and they do
that wasn't what I loved that show
transfers to you congratulations on your
field promotion
the following is Anderson's mission
briefing from commander Sarah Briggs of
the militia SRS Major Anderson Oh two
weeks ago we intercepted IMC comms they
found something on Titan a massive blast
of energy was discharged at this
location creating time distortions I
want SRS on the ground to infiltrate the
facility Roger that
I'll get some answers it's wrist-mounted
device we've recovered during operation
grizzly should protect you
we know the IMC have contracted koukin
bullets and his mercenaries to protect
something critical there watch your back
SRS is a team
pilot the data vendors who collected
appears to be incomplete we are to
rebound to uphold and fulfill special
operation to 1/7 recommend we locate
Anderson's wrist mounted device before
proceeding
I didn't see any device on indocin they
must be on the other half of his corpse
I detect a breach in the security
services building
I will provide access what
the ring structure future future chases
Jack and Rich if you're interested in
playing Star Wars for billion are you
thinking to just play single-player if
you're up for multiplayer match I
volunteer as a player single dude master
Brian sucks but Star Wars rebellion says
Star Wars on it
Oh what
punch only run
which franchise has the worst fandom
here's the thing not not every fan of
everything is the same like that every
Star Trek fan is gonna like the same
things then every Star Wars fans is
gonna be an idiot the most most Star
Wars fans are it is so my vote how about
anime
how about anime family here here is what
I will say Star Wars fans are close to
the worst fandom are really close but I
think the actual winner for worst fandom
is video games in general okay okay the
the average comment section of any video
game show versus any movie show is
significantly worse for some reasons
video game fans have just something
straight up their ass
that's anybody who takes any work of
fiction too seriously you know chants
sang a lot of people who try to sing
Rick and Morty mm I have very little
experience with Rick and Morty as a
fandom Rick and Morty fans are fairly
obnoxious I know about the the Shae Swan
sauce incident at McDonald's that's all
I really know about they're just kind of
like the Rick and Morty fans I think are
just like everywhere and obnoxious about
it but you know at the same time they're
also just really excited to like Rick
and Morty fans are the types of fans
that will just what did you see me
become
we're comported fans are the types of
fans that will just repeat stuff from
the show without any context and that's
a pretty bad family yeah oh sorry oh
sorry sorry was that hitting a little
too close to home was that hitting a
little too close to home
when fans just repeat stuff from from
the source material without any context
that Anonymous's have you guys ever been
out of North America if so what was your
favorite place to visit where would you
like to visit or maybe do you think
traveling is overrated lol fuck my cock
and erupt of volcano god
hi I'm not much of a traveler Jackie
you've been around I have been around
I've been out of the country I've been
I've been many places I've been many
many places including out of the country
several times I've been to Germany for
an extended period when I was in high
school when I went to as a foreign
exchange student I spent some time down
in Ecuador and I went to the Galapagos
Islands which was frankly a wonderful
experience that we went on a little boat
tour following the path of Charles
Darwin as he was sailing through the
Galapagos coming up with with his theory
of evolution and and how the animals
they're adapted by the seasons and kind
of his they walked us through his whole
process of watching these tiny birds on
the island and how the different weather
would affect the next generation of
birds you know yeah
heavy rains mean more seeds and more
scenes meant that they were harder
bigger seeds and so then the next
generation of birds finches would have
bigger beaks or you know the bigger beak
ones would survive and produce more and
I'm paraphrasing horribly yes but uh but
it was a wonderful experience spent some
time down in South Africa we we shot a
video down there we shot a high five
World Cup video down in South Africa
when the World Cup was down there and
that was a wonderful experience it's got
to hang out my friends hang out in
Africa very different and very wonderful
that pause screen looks like a error
message I thought your game had crashed
oh and I wasn't even paying attention I
wish it was that I always come up the
gamble to go con that oh that was uh oh
no that was like the the next chapters
okay it looked like an error message
just plain text in a box like Oh Jack
you crashed
I I saw actually they had one of the
receptions that we went oh very um this
is very dishonored - mm-hmm because now
I have a time manipulation device so now
I can go back and full-length on one
level yeah like that one mo it was a
great level into Sonic - we we got when
we were down there they had a reception
for some celebrities and some of the
players actually where where I went to
interview what was his name bond ki-moon
the president of the you at the UN it
was at the prison that Nelson Mandela
was I was prison it was very neat - it's
all neat it was it was great I love
traveling I want to travel more how long
does a single-player campaign in this is
there enough to make this worth it as a
single-player experience maybe
it depends on how far we are like at
what time is it
844 so we've been we've been going for
three hours yeah so we've been going for
three hours how much more time do we
have
I have no idea well that's for people
who have played it that was a question
for people places seeing some minutes at
5:00 someone else at 8:00
so if I kill them in the past
they may be here what happened
have you considered that I like look at
this I just love it
get out of here get right out of town
what are you a gun are you
doo-doo-doo-doo
can't go up your time powers Jack you're
you're unstoppable you're an unstoppable
machine of destruction hi
oh you see there glows and the presents
yeah oh that just feels cheap right this
is how you do it this is by the way this
is how you do a night crawler game yeah
yeah is you transform into you know cuz
he goes through like the nether region
whenever he transports oh I'd love that
I'd love that
I'm just gonna cheese that all the time
all punch run starts now
you are so what happened to this place
shit
oh oh okay double wall I was gonna say
my name's we all read and jump into that
hole all punch punch trance mad punch
strats it's probably gonna be me because
we're gonna figure out that it was like
something evil is happening here so we
have to blow it up yeah that makes sense
oh shit I can't punch that thing Oh
shouldn't punch you
finish you off wonder the used bookstore
with Carrie yesterday
yeah and I found this fucking beautiful
giant sized hardcover weeping overjoyed
TMNT comic books oh yeah yeah no I don't
know for sure how many issues that had
been some of the earliest ones well
that's great I suspect up a volume of
collected Conan works cuz you know what
why not was there so I guess Jose could
be neat I like Quran well enough Conan
comics or Conan books mm-hmm that's fair
the actual Robert Howard books
I we got a new strat here first we got
to deal with mods and shed it's not okay
to ban anyone for for not liking a
certain baseball team unless they're Cub
fans that's that's previously recorded
rule they can be banned for baseball
reasons if they're Cub fans
fuck position keep Keller Nyjah that's
her stick now yeah
I know I know
who do I want to win the Super Bowl I
don't even know who's in the Super Bowl
the the monkeys and the the T to those
the Tito the Tito those the monkeys
versus the Tito those the the
Albuquerque monkeys versus the New
Hampshire Keitel those it's it's a
grudge match for the ages rich okay
Eagles in the Patriots oh well that
makes more sense
yeah I don't really have a horse at a
dog in this race I've heard Eagle fans
are jerks
sure
look what I've heard the Patriots team
are jerks so so they go six of one after
the other
this is clever this is a clever section
they've they've you know showed me my
time travel power and I said I was gonna
cheese it but they found a way to keep
me from cheesing it unfortunately
Eagles fans aren't jerks they're just
angry drunks wouldn't that make you a
jerk if you are an angry drunk yes
Eagles fans famously built the ship beat
the shit out of Santa Claus what this is
gonna incident where Santa Claus was at
an Eagles game or somebody else someone
dressed like Santa Claus yeah and fans
beat him up in an infamous incident that
happened
pumpkin bumped cake says any fandom that
just spouts out context quotes is
endless trash
fuck you fandoms it's January there we
go I got them you got all right you got
a right you you get it you get what's
going on here Nana says how'd you end up
at the World Cup anyway Jack were you
invited were you permitted to be ad said
world cup hmm
yeah we were invited we were there are
they baiting you into telling the story
oh the fun the I we were invited to go
to the World Cup the the boring version
is we were invited by a charity
organization that was helping raise
money and awareness for schools yeah for
African children and it was euro it was
a work thing you were filming I mean
yeah through Funny or Die they reached
out to Funny or Die and said hey can we
want a high five video with our
organization for the World Cup to help
raise awareness for funding for African
school so like we were there for like
actually really good yeah really good
cause and we were told that we were
gonna have access to a lot of places
yeah but our producer down in Africa was
like well we'll see where we can get in
and so a lot a lot of the places we
ended up getting and we kind of cheated
our way in we played the system anytime
you have an event that big you're gonna
find a lot of doors not being watched
Bay is basically the thing they they
have to hire a lot of new people for an
event that big and yeah just like well
hey you know we were definitely supposed
to be here and if it's a new person Isis
like we're like were we so the the the
story that I've told already was I told
the story I already told already no
tonight
fucking rerun night its rerun night
there there was a stadium we were
getting into and a bunch of players were
gonna be there and sports professionals
and more
it was a chance for us to be on an
actual pitch of the pitch is what you
call the soccer field and we wanted some
shots in a stadium on on actual soccer
field and so we pull up and there is an
armed guard I mean like machine gun
armed guard stopping us you guys can't
go in here and and our producer very you
know coolly goes we are absolutely
supposed to be here you're absolutely
not supposed to be able o we are
absolutely not supposed to be there we
have no right to be there and I forget
whether it was this guy or maybe it was
the second guy like we made it to
another layer and then the second guy
says whoa you guys can't be in here like
there there is an event happening and we
go we're supposed to be at the event
thank you oh that's what we tried to
tell the other guy we're definitely
events that is and and he's like yeah
the big news conference we're like yes
look at the camera and you know I have
my nice camera right I have the nice
camera and so he looks at the camera and
the second guy he goes he goes hmm let
me see some ID let me see some ID yeah
and so like we don't have any like
badges or press so we give him our
Wisconsin driver's license this is a man
with a gun who has maybe had a job
working here for a week we came and and
he looks at all of our wisconsin'
driver's license right he's like alright
go ahead
not my problem so so then we finally
make it to the state and all these
stadiums are brand new they're beautiful
soccer stadiums all like you know just
every everything about this is brand new
and we walk up to the soccer stadium and
another guard comes to stop us and we
decide like we got some momentum behind
AHA so we get we decide to get out in
front of this one here we go
yes thank you for meeting us can you
take us to the press conference
and the guard who I only presume was
there to stop us was like oh of course
it's right this way I'll show and we're
like thank you so much we are running so
late
and you know it started a while ago yeah
so so then we you know we sneak it and
they're giving a presentation at the
press conference and we are definitely
not supposed to be there all the other
people are dressed really nice these are
professional reporters asking sports
related questions and we are just some
schlubs right we are a bunch of schlubs
sneaking into a building and so but now
we're part of the group and then the
group finally gets assured out to the
pitch of a gun this is this is our
opportunity Oh how's our big plan so we
we get out there and it's gorgeous big
empty stadium beautiful pristine soccer
field and we start making our plans okay
we need this shuttle when you dish out
we got to move quick because at any
moment they are going to realize yeah
that we are not supposed to be here and
then just as we're getting our first job
set up someone stops us hey who are you
guys here with and we're like we are
here with Funny or Die and let me see
let me see your press passes we we never
got our press passes it was a whole
miscommunication thing we you know a lot
of Wieland deal a lot of like talking
without saying anything which is my
speciality we we never end a hold on for
just one second you know like calls are
being made people are being ouch - ever
these guys know no one's on a list so
they walk away and start talking amongst
themselves so we quickly get like two
maybe three shots oh yeah let's get
these really quick we're about to get
kicked out they come back with our press
pass they come back with our press s is
going it has been a nightmare here we
are so sorry for all of this confusion
what do you guys need you know cuz like
they were there to coordinate the media
and obviously we were the media right
yeah and so then we took our time we got
a bunch of amazing shots everything was
just hunky-dory that
is a world-class store it's it's it was
a fantastic time very similar again when
we were in South Africa we we had a
chance to to shoot a high-five with the
the president of the UN I'm gonna forget
his name again bond ki-moon or whatever
it is yes yeah
South Korean president or whatever also
a big part of the UN we're like we need
to get a high-five with him and we just
kind of we're at this big party and like
at like I said the prison that they held
Nelson Mandela
yeah and it's a big it's a big party and
we kind of snuck into that party too
because that's what you doing we just we
came with a big group of people we I
think that party what we did was there
was a big group of people who were
obviously supposed to be there and they
weren't celebrities or anything let me
get this straight yeah you snuck into a
prison into a prison
how we snuck into that particular party
was there was a big group of people who
were obviously supposed to be there on
the step and repeat you know like the
red carpet area where everyone takes
their pictures and we say hey we're here
with funny about we're shooting high
five so you guys want to do a quick
high-five with us and they go oh sure of
course thinking that we were part of the
press or shooter so we shoot a high-five
with them ah that's so great and then
they go to walk in and we just keep
walking with them and obviously the
guards who were learning you know the
ticket holders or whoever they were who
were guarding the front door just saw a
shoot something with them so we must be
with these people
so then we get we get word that
secretary or moon yeah this guy from the
UN is doing an on-camera interview right
now we can probably get in the queue to
do our thing first and I wasn't part of
this con yeah our producer was talking
to the UN Secretary's personal assistant
to get us in the queue to do things yeah
and so there was a lot of wheeling and
dealing and a lot of that's what I've
been trying to tell you yeah I know it's
a mess
here you know just a lot of the same oh
sure feel sure so finally we get in the
room with him and we explained to him
what we want to do like all you have to
do is we're gonna high five and you look
to the camera and and like that's all
you're hit and he's like oh wait what
and like he's very confused and I'm just
rolling cuz that's my job as the
cameraman like everyone's InFocus and
I'm just rolling he's like what well I
I'm not sure actually I'm supposed to I
was like an action and you know the
guy's high five and he looks because
he's a professional and then all of a
sudden everybody realizes we're not
supposed to be there everybody knows and
but wait like we already got it like all
right I know we're gone we're gonna
everything's gone everything's fine
though like yeah you should probably
leave now like absolutely that's the
point at every shoots a quick tip for
anyone who likes to shoot not
necessarily legal stuff always keep a
spare memory card you finish shooting
put the footage in your pocket put a new
memory card in the camera they didn't
they didn't do it but I did i hotspot
yeah right away because I knew it like
that no no we need that memory card like
cuz they know how cameras work yeah yeah
they know how cameras work so always
keep a spare blank memory card to
hot-swap just in case
I blew myself up that's okay you know
while we had the story those in that was
a great story so I have to do this whole
section over again all I might have to
cut damn it guys practical tip that is
that like that has I've never needed to
use that tip like I've never had someone
take my memory card but but I never want
to be in that situation where I lost the
footage
how are you still alive maybe a punch
isn't enough for some of the big wrists
there we go there we go oh shit
so anyway that has that has happened a
few times on some of our perfectly legal
shoots always better to ask for
forgiveness than permission
oh shit always better
oh we've used we've used Will Ferrell's
names so many times even even like you
know if he's not on the shoot like you
know because back in the day like you
know people still might not know what
Funny or Die is yeah and so like a lot
of times they'd have to be like oh we're
with Funny or Die
it's Will Ferrell's website obviously
like it's not just Will Ferrel website
but you know he was the big name you
know like really alright just yeah
sometimes you got a you got a exaggerate
just do do what you can
that's what it's all about doing what
you can't do
the test must be completed the IMC found
something all right it can fold space
and time
that's neat looking storing it that's
very sci-fi opening the catastrophic
Jack international man of mystery
packard I get the job done all right
when it's it's very different when
you're put on the spot like especially
for me I'm usually kind of a timid
person shit but you know you put you're
put on the spot and more importantly you
have a job to do and and sometimes you
just need to know when when to pull
those punches if I if I don't if I don't
get the shots we don't have a good video
and I don't make videos anymore
what FPS did the hollow cutscene thing
that was doom doom did that help talking
Holograms for cutscenes yeah because
they weren't really cutscenes yeah
they weren't really cut scenes a lot of
them you could just ignore and keep
shooting at things right I mean it's not
much different from like Naughty Dog's
not cut scene cut scenes no but people
stand around at our in game the great
thing about doom and you know what a
dishonor to did this a lot to where it's
you never leave your perspective yeah
you you get to watch the story but you
never it never takes you out of the game
which is something I enjoyed about
that's something I really enjoyed about
both doom and a tic
okay
about doom and dishonor to app that's
fair timing oh cool that was neat huh
that is neat yeah that's a funny this is
a fun gimmick yeah I'm down I'm down
with this gimmick
this game seems to have taken some good
in spirit if some inspiration from the
crooks from the right sources try this
game I might I have to install origin to
do it when she something I don't really
want to do maybe I could pay for it
legally and find some sort of crack like
pay for it on origin but then just
pirate it just because you don't want to
deal with all really I really don't
keep great
ah nope nope nope nope nope nope
Jack like this gimmick when it was in to
sign of two as well I did I think I
think it it actually works slightly I
think it works slightly better in
Dishonored 2 if I'm gonna be honest but
I think this is fine
Chadd Dead Rising 3 isn't the worst
thing but I'm not I'm not feeling a
strong urge to finish it
oh I get it
see this to me
this right here is is showing how I
think the game fails on some design
aspects basically what this is saying is
there is a really cool thing to do right
here and if you want this ghost runner
can show you the really cool thing that
you can do yeah and what that means is
that this area isn't intuitive enough on
its own for me to figure out the cool
thing yeah they need to show me with the
cool thing is what I'm guessing it is
let's see if I can do this right is they
want me to wall run at the time that's
pretty cool yeah that's pretty cool
but the level wasn't laid out in a way
where I could necessarily figure that
out by myself all right which you know
that's just a design issue that's not
necessarily a a big deal are you saying
you hate it I basically I hate it
basically what I'm saying is I hate
everything about this game what are you
a flatline
like like with just a few hours of
dicking around with Dead Rising 3 yeah
just just on my own I found a way to
completely cheese it and level myself up
fully
uh-huh it's not a very smartly designed
game jeez they got a combo system that
multiplies you score his weapon that
kills a lot of people just make a bunch
of those and get from level 1 to 50 in
like two hours
uh-huh look at that see this is what I'm
talking about right in your face this is
good look at this
ready no in in in the past that platform
is there in this path platform is gone
yeah so you gotta that's fun that's fun
Check Point
oh no chef there's nothing wrong with
having a combo system but here's the
thing beating up on zombies isn't
exactly the most satisfying thing
they're there fucking zombies
that's that's like it's like reading up
Stephen Hawking and a kung-fu contest
why you dissing on Stephen Hawking
mentally not at all physically I could
kick his ass you think it's pretty
presumptuous of you you don't know what
kind of Texas wheelchair has
okay
hahaha yep I was waiting for this check
this out oh yeah okay so down but they
do this again like I've already figured
out the bit but now they're giving me
the we can show you how to do this bit
if you want yeah that's fine nope nope
nope
wait have it down but you get the
concept I get the concept
do they have to assume everyone playing
the game is moron no I see then that's
my problem is they do they do assume
everyone playing yes moron do they have
to sum someone whose head someone who is
the head of something thinks that it's
very important that the game would be
you know accessible to any level of
moron mm-hmm that's it that's what's
gonna sell more copies we need all the
morons to buy this yeah it doesn't
matter if it makes the product a little
watered down at the end of it then you
lose the smart people's interest that's
that's what happens with dead rising
can you turn off Hynson me mm I think
Jack likes that suggestion
I like that suggestion it doesn't it
does not appear that I can but I like
that suggestion sprint
I'm on regular difficulty I wonder if I
might go up a difficulty level it does
but no it does not look like I can
change that I like that that's a that's
a good thinking though before I whine
any longer oh it's a helmet or it
recommended you do something because you
took a long time in an area chatting
with fridge and it thought you were
stuck haha very possible very possible
now let's see look this but this guy's
popping up right away he's popping up
right away
nice
not that one wait maybe that one yep
good job that's pretty cool
pretty good that's pretty cool that's
neat this damn thing was just a test one
of our own planets is next they're going
to hit harmony and they moved up the
timeline I have to get this into other
Sarah
that was major Anderson's final
recording Oh Cooper based on your recon
of this facility I may have a plan
meeting outside okay no problem Optimus
optimus you know I can never call you
bTW because you sound like optimists
oh look at that that's very techy I like
to look at that I like it
someone probably spent a lot of time on
that do you think anything this like a
hole this is like 2 months worth of work
just some pretty to look at that's great
that's great
deflator Mouse's rich can't you please
say OMG deflator Mouse no I can't say
the rest of that I love the last half in
the bag I love you guys keep on keeping
on manases do jack and rich
I know Jack mentioned this and a best of
the worst episode but if any of you
played I have no mouth and I must scream
by the loveable Grum Harlan Ellison I'm
not played it but I'm familiar with the
story and I was I was referencing the
story mm-hmm I was not referencing the
game they didn't make it a game they did
and it's just a short horror story right
and it's like I think I might've read it
at some point
I think subscribers deserve access to
written copies of tips you won't read
for historical purposes nope nope it's a
point-and-click adventure
oh okay yep Ellison worked on both the
story and the game oh he wrote the short
story the game was based on so yeah it's
not shocking but did he also like work
on the game probably probably rewrote
bits and pieces of it oh sure
cool Jack you buy those short story
horah books I do I did I did last time
The Ghost Box it was called the
collection of short spooky stories and
then for Christmas I got their their
advent calendar their short story advent
calendar yeah and I got a little behind
but it's okay because I took a whole
bunch on on my vacation with me but it
was great just a little short story that
you're supposed to read every day
leading up to Christmas you know like
like a candy and yeah calendars for
short stories and it was really
wonderful some of them I recommend some
of those stories are very very good now
closest act to the ending of this
I mean this game in general I know
multiplayer first-person trains that
they usually on the shorter end
I know I know I got a run over here
because these dinosaurs double fight
this is seeming like a climax yeah what
Oh wrong part I thought that dinosaurs
were in this part nope that's not where
I wanted to throw that oh my god robots
too
you gun
shit shit fucking blow it already hate
that dinosaurs be easier to play they
they respond they respond dinosaurs
respawn so you can't spend too much time
choosing over in that area because
dinosaurs wallrun check please huh
they're mad you're not wall running
enough for this game I'm sorry you'll
just do a whole bunch of unnecessary
wall runs like whatever you can all the
time okay
why didn't you all round that sign right
here
why are you all running right now I know
there's no wall oh wait here City and
there we go and I got stuck
did I beat you all great
pilot I've located the controls to
extend the bridge to the rings I've
marked it on your hub controls it
appears that whatever actions you took
in the past have caused the remaining
automated security systems to be quite
hostile towards you guys recommend this
game for FPS players like I don't feel
comfortable doing that just because I'm
not the one playing it looks okay
yeah like I I think there's a lot of fun
there's some neat stuff I I'm not sure
it does anything better than the games
that it is clearly I don't want to say
ripping off but you know you know I
definitely feel some doom in here I feel
some Dishonored 2 I think that's I think
that's what they're trying for with all
the fast movements I don't I don't think
I don't think they do it as well as do I
think that should be a first person
shooter standard feature I don't think
that should be unique dual I think doom
doom is just a good first-person shooter
to made it made it popular whoa I can
time-travel in the robot now
okay great I think moving quickly was
around long before doom I mean we'll
finish times there there is an emphasis
on movement in new doom that I feel have
Tate has taken it to a whole new level
you're supposed to go to I gotta do this
over again why do I have to do this part
all over again
yeah oh well good
according to walk through there are four
more chapters after this one okay
I'm just finishing me I'm just gonna
finish this yeah I was like where's like
one war left its run wash level oh yeah
you know let's just do it right
Wow motherfucker motherfucker yeah
because you fucked up I I thought it
would have automatically saved and I got
through the other big ass fight and then
I thought I needed to jump the area
oh yeah
fucking hell daddy
that's what I did last time I'm just
gonna do the same thing this time
what what hello
Oh Chad I'll be disappointed if we're
not the ones who caused this disaster in
the first place
nope yeah there needs to be that moment
where it's like oh my god we did this
yeah I agree
no bad guys anyway right yeah right
it's a mess Steve oh there we go oh
there's stuff but there's still bad guys
here
can't have that they're saying why kill
everything do you not need to kill
everything to move on oh I don't know
maybe you're assuming a lot apparently
hi I didn't even shoot you on your way
to beat him in the face yeah
it appears that whatever actions you
took in the past have caused the
remaining automated security systems to
be quite hostile towards us in the
present way this is the past though
right I don't know it looks nice in the
past okay
hello
I know walk on
I love punching things oh this is where
I was supposed to go see I thought I
needed to jump across that gap and I
died it had to redo the entire level but
apparently I Joe let me go up here let's
go
all right here we go
this isn't the loan I wanted anyway I
wanted the quad rocket mother fucker
the quality of the controls to extend
the bridge to the race
oh my god something really exciting is
happening keep holding
scan the Arquette Center wait would you
where'd you go buddy
where'd you go
leave my friend over here hey
you will never tell me that that is not
the greatest thing I will never believe
you I know I'm dying
when you go back in time
she don't want to this shit overhead
Jack no
No
some more Healy's over here all right
soul power soul power
what happened I think you just blew up
the past
yeah that's neat
it's just like quantum break oh I can
ride something what am i right
okay
so times frozen yeah I was like working
I'm just moving my head through the
light particles
then whenever you stop moving you
shouldn't see anything yes how are you
breathing that's a great question
it's doing quantum break better than
quantum break yeah
well done pilot scan complete
as Anderson discovered the IMC intend to
destroy the militia planet of harmony
using the full-scale version of this
weapon pilot Cooper our journey is far
from over
we must get this data to the fleet no
problem Optimus I hacked time I did it
you did it jack I did it
you're a hero for the space Federation I
think I think I'm a militia
I think I'm space militia but also I
don't think I'm in space I think I'm
just fuchsia future militia okay fuchsia
I'm a future militia now route bends is
all right $2 to tell Jack I saw an old
lady at the UPS Store with one of those
ship boxes ColoGuard you tweeted about
all I could think was that old lady shit
in that box
shit right in the box man she which is
great that means she's she she's getting
screened for colon cancer and if they
find something early enough they can
fight it but man that old lady's you
shit in a box that's gotta be a shitty
job just examining stool samples yeah I
mean I get the joke I'm just wondering
like at what point when you are like
dissecting and doing uh taking samples
of stool does it just become do you
become numb to the fact that I'm just
like I look at poop all day Chuck foxes
this is an unofficial recommendation for
parade 2017 I would have made it
official but the National Committee for
video game and anime recommendation only
allows one official recommendation per
person for each game that's true so you
should be grateful that I decided to
officially recommend prey 2017 to you
before my subscriber message prey 2017
is like Helldivers I mean Bioshock and
space to conclude my unofficial
recommendation of prey 2017 I would like
to I would just like to add that this is
made by the developers of the Dishonored
series Arkane Studios and published by
Bethesda overlooked game yeah I've heard
very good things about prey ok ok ok I
agree with you if that is actually on my
list of games that I want to play so I'm
with you are we done
I think we're done there on couple tips
great let's get to that point of the
stream in which we thank all the people
who subscribe to us during this very
extreme do you have a mobile Mouse I
have such a device right we would like
to thank the end hero says we rarely get
to watch life but always enjoy you guys
thanks for the laughs
Starkiller 1633 cutter bye bye clam
breena's god who says thanks again for
high-quality content do our best roll
off may tick for 16 months in a row full
plastic jacket
Koval and Boone come on covalent
covalent boond
that kind of sounds like a real thing
says seems good oh that's right I forgot
silly I forgot about the that's an emote
yeah alpaca deathtrap says started me
watching best of the worst again Jack
shaving your head was a good life choice
it really was fair on the first one in
the first one I still had the first one
that I'm in yeah she's like the second
or third episode just that one just that
one I still have like the full crown and
it is
you're looking oh yeah it is it is
unsettling Eric dr. Goomer maybe all the
hands saw for 18 months in a row says I
may have been bitten by a radioactive
sloth with great power comes great power
naps nice I get it
culture fist who says sup guys grab a
tea pretend ear for 13 months in a row
caldron TV Jay kid oh wait for 28
fucking months in a row who says I've
been missing in action for a while are
there any updates on project Hornet no
but it is still being worked on no mic 1
2 3 4 says last month I asked you guys
which hard sci-fi classic was better now
I asked you guys which scientifically
accurate space film is better gravity
interstellar or the Martian thanks I
need to see the Martian I read the book
I like the marching bunk I've heard
really good things about the Martian
book yeah the Martian movie yeah yeah
that's shame I like it was it was so
light I could see exactly where they
just took big chunks out of the book you
can just see big chunks missing and I
really liked gravity
I know gravity gets shit on a lot but I
really liked it
and I never I didn't see interstellar so
Martian is just such a great premise mmm
stranded on Mars alone nobody else is
there yeah nobody knows his life we've
got to get home live I got to survive on
Mars I didn't I didn't much care for the
movie I thought it was very light ok so
I'm gonna say gravity
edek night jar gas 101 man do Burstein
duper still do er stand orbiston dorm
stone that's fine I'm going with door
Justin for 12 months the roads as well
12 months that's almost 2 years
that's that's true I guess it is all not
at all true it's almost two years K
using moon says V hi ho yo that's
another that might be another emote yeah
blessed e'en bitch to leers nasty mich
your names are all fucked up way this
fuck is wrong with your names random
arrangement of letters
how about sooo good time I just gonna
shoot on a starts Legion it's the start
is a start a zillion some Warhammer kind
of thing at least a thing okay it's not
a random assortment of letters like last
for blood screw ways that's kind of
words spatial llama their names is weird
or am i just becoming dyslexic no there
is something that you litter like there
is something out of place that might
mean something to them like cutie tr0 -
back score 1-1 V is like is a book
series that I really enjoy I guess ok
those toy your vests ski-jump oh wow
nipple Sivakasi motherfucker Joyce - yes
ki-chun ok that's a real name and Chum
is a real thing and it's followed by
milosevic right miss miss before would
not even mr. mixed look books the books
mr. McFee clicks mr. metallics mix pit
Alex mixed pit looks I think it's miss
mix pit elects mix pit Alex kill tips
iam
uh-oh clocks tears run jib for fifteen
months in a row brh Admiral Ackbar no
fear no envy for 35 almost 35 fucking
months in a row says great job on the
maze when a review
I like how J uploaded during the stream
again he knows when to hit it and he
knows he knows when to hit that publish
button big fat man eight seven three
four twenty two fucking months in a row
Ozzie Baxter says ten months of well
thanks for everything gentlemen live
long and prosper
we'll do our best the hammer Iranian at
cuju Agra Jew guide you okay jew i think
it's a cat you okay but i'm not sure
AKA j-ju its AKA i Ju
hi JJ I can't i Ju a kaijus I last in
1984 for 32 fucking months in a row low
pale loss hero razor blade hat says
nothing that's an emo Hellcat striker
says Jack what's that tattoo on your
left arm I have a couple I have a feet
over here I have a bare footprints over
here and here I have a stick family okay
so you thought you were the back
windshield of a car I thought I was back
oh this was I I got that before that
sticker became popular by the way and
let me tell you you did it before it was
cool I did it before it was a horrible
and no one likes it now it was support
like I just got the me one you know at
first yes and it was just like a dumb
little tattoo I thought it was funny
and then you know Lisa came around and I
added her and then it was like well now
I got it now I got to do it for each of
the kids so all right I'm not gonna put
my cat on there though a lot of people
has asked that I've asked that like are
you gonna put them like cats cats
temporary cancer temporary exactly crazy
mate 999 there's only two months
officially but been watching for over
two years thank you
gruff make military for 25 fucking
months in a row who says don't worry
guys prereq always beats half in the bag
in this house
Jack's repeat stories worth it to hear
rich laugh like that great stream
sometimes we got to retell the stories
for any newcomers yeah yeah bad good
stuff protect the balls
I think it's cut off supposed to be a
protect my balls
you
I've just done you this thing did not
scroll down all the way there's one more
we forgot Samuel winters who says go
ahead miss Browns my name it's okay
Samuel winters which I don't think I'm
mispronouncing at all but you know
