Mar 7, 2018
Into the Breach!
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/237890196
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/237892708
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOsEzIveFo0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5q5-n0Z1PM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/971493869111119875

[Part I]
how exciting how terribly terribly
exciting into the breach system living
it's taking longer than I would have
thought it's a hundred and twelve
megabytes this should go like nothing
actually a blip this should go yeah you
got it
nothing my everybody know we're late
yeah well forty forty eight minutes late
fifty minutes late I know I know we
usually go for hours I want to go to
midnight this is probably gonna be a
shorter stream probably will try to make
up for it I'll try to make up for it I
gotta I gotta get home and play more
dishonored Jack you still have to palate
cleanser after Meadowview survived I'd
know I'm just absolutely loved dishonor
oh absolutely loved it that's great I'm
absolutely loving I'm very happy for you
I'm very happy that you liked it I
remember really enjoying my time in
Dishonored - I had to go home and go to
lady Boyles party so I can potentially
murder her if I can't find an alternate
solution sure I think it has stopped
downloading it's been at 24 percent for
a while now and OH&S; I know it has
that's so weird
because we stream alright our streams
end up alright maybe maybe it's a Geo G
thing could be a GOG thing but also on
Steam everything takes 8 years to
download as well here only here but only
here right that's so weird
the Voodoo's been put on us rich there's
the Voodoo lady Boyles party should be a
live stream then I know I'm sorry but
I'm a selfish prick dishonoured my first
time through any of these missions
that's for me I'm not I'm not
downgrading the experience so you could
and you can watch me play it yeah
it's for me to get it bursts into
absolutely and you know I think for
people who don't stream
maybe they don't understand how
important that is just a game for me
this is just for me this is my game that
I get to enjoy because I enjoy gaming
yeah because when we stream we're
talking to each other we're trying to
entertain you we're trying to talk about
the game we're trying to do a lot
there's a lot of there's a lot of balls
in the air I could try it right now
let's start moving again okay yeah okay
all right keep moving keep moving
we're streaming and downloading why are
you surprised I'm slow before we
restarted the stream and the game is a
hundred and twelve megabytes this no
matter if we're streaming and watching a
Netflix movie this should download in
two seconds yeah this is nothing
this is absolutely nothing and you know
we're here already but I got a I'm gonna
go you're leaving already
I'm gonna go this man's a jerk this
man's a goddamn jerk right here I'm just
walking down the stairs did I miss
something what just happened what what
just happened I have no idea what just
happened but I'm sitting here waiting
for into the breach download and I have
nothing else to do and I have I have
nobody to talk to
streaming partner who was here for
situations like this when we need to
fill time to kill that error he just he
just left
why I am talking to you everybody I'm
back you need to you need to water that
badly I needed some water oh my god oh
my god I'm a hot mess I'm just a I'm
just a gosh darn hot mess rich that's
fine it's fine I just I just need some
water and everything's gonna be fine now
um ninety-seven percent has been sitting
there for a little while it paused again
at 97 percent we're doing great we're
doing great we have four megabytes left
four point three megabytes left uh r.i.p
stanley i don't know i don't know if
that's a joke or not and absolutely
would not be a surprise I mean any day
now any yes that's it's not just being
90 it's not like he's sick or anything
yeah he's just he's just a very old man
but yeah I don't I that we can't we
can't trust you we didn't update the
title of our stream did we I did you did
I said Jack is dead now let me check
Twitter really quick you can read you
can read title it if you want no that's
why I was I was going to start before
you got here oh sure I was in the
process of getting set up when would you
get when you showed on I walked in the
door I see nothing about Stanley so I'm
sure whoever said that it was some sort
of joke okay is it a joke when it's that
believable that's just uh you know what
that is that's a bad joke that's just a
dick move yeah just a ding that's fine
whoo okay so um what's going on
everybody hey you know what did anyone
notice that our latest previously
recorded maybe looked a little funny
mention the some great soundtrack to
this game
great fucking soundtrack too uh great
soundtrack too into the breach by the
way having a lot of fun with the
different builds the different teams are
you still using this is I see this is
standard standard team I've been playing
Dishonored not this I don't have much in
life oh okay a lot of fun a lot of fun
mech combinations yeah you know a lot of
a lot of interesting and moves okay so
if anyone watched the latest prereq you
might have noticed that the colors may
have been a little off okay okay
something maybe didn't look quite right
and I think I have a I think I've
figured out my problem because I I have
had a couple clients also not complain
about color like not like not say oh
this color is awful but just say like
you know I think this coloring is a
little off can you fix it and I've had
to like redo a couple color correction
you edit I've worked on on my business
side right and and you know to me like
I'm looking at it on my on my monitor
and everything looks fine I've recently
moved over to editing on my nice gaming
PC you're working with beefier footage
right and and it just makes more sense
to edit on the beefier computer oh the
game is way too loud
rich can you turn the game down that's
fair that's way up there usually where I
like to borrow it usually it's pretty
quiet yeah for fuck's sake that it was a
bit orange yeah well so here's here's
what I figured out is it's at what it
actually is is this my PC gaming monitor
the monitor I use for playing games on
on my gaming PC isn't like the greatest
monitor for color correction I bought it
for refresh rate that was my only my
only buying criteria for that monitor
was oh good refresh rate you know looks
pretty decent cuz I usually only diamond
which is kind of dumb I probably gonna
yeah I could've killed him but a lot
well there you go I couldn't I could
reset the term you could reset the turn
you only get to do that once all rich do
you have all music turned off knowing
you and yeah mercy do well turn it on
man what are you doing I'm listening to
a podcast probably dress fades music
sister is dial here free plug I think I
was listening to the Bible reloaded okay
where's it at which one does the music
the one that says music volume can't be
good
this is an amazing soundtrack much like
just about everything been Prunty has
ever made this is a great soundtrack
I'm wondering if I should reset this
turn just so I can kill this one that
had higher hell yeah it's probably the
break call do it I mean you get one
reset per first stage so yeah I'm gonna
take it why not take it rich okay so in
any case the monitor I have is is
calibrated for high refresh rate not
necessarily color accuracy and I think
that's been my problem okay because
after I got the episode posted I was
really happy actually I used some of my
sick time not coming to the stream on
Sunday to to really you know take that
time and get the edit done as quickly as
humanly possible which was really fast
turnaround I was really happy with it
yeah it was we filmed on a Friday
uploaded on Monday like boom I felt
really good
yeah
pertaining to music's a little too loud
there that's good

so in any case I I spent some time
researching reasonably-priced s--
monitors that give you a more accurate
color representation I've upgraded to a
a 4k monitor
whereas before my monitor was just 1080p
necessary I didn't necessarily care
about 4k so I got a for a nice 4k
monitor for color correction so our next
episode should look a little nicer gosh
should rich should
Tiberius I have I have calibrated the
monitor I have and it it's still giving
me it's still giving me the the stuff
and doing a little bit of research there
you know some monitors just don't
represent all the colors that other
monitors will get you so I'm okay a
little upgrading do this I think we can
save everybody no I'll kill him shit how
many colors are there who is to health
what are you talking about what's going
on the rocket why'd you need to say that
building all I need to do save that way
what's the what's the attack order I got
it I got it I've already I've already
I've already fucking got it then you're
so shut your filthy mouth Ivan you're
fine you do you you do you everything
should be okay
yeah well that's done the rackets fine
yeah all the buildings are fine yep that
bugs dead great everything's fine
everything's fine you know what
everything was perfect everything was
well the Rockettes would want ahead
perfect I got both the stars all the
civilians saved Joan then you're fine
then everything's perfect games design
so you take a little bit of damage it's
all part of the plan yeah absolutely
why did Kevin Smith have a heart attack
a lifetime of poor dietary decisions
genetics
a lot of factors a lot of factors being
a filmmaker and a podcaster that's a
really sedentary lifestyle he died I
can't imagine you know I I know he has
been losing waves yeah recently but I
mean that losing weight will and do so
much to turn the years back but I'm glad
he is okay glad to hear he is okay
yeah
of really sedentary lifestyle such a
tactful way to say it's but it's really
true that every everyone says that
sitting is the is the new smoking and so
many of us myself included spend all day
in a chair and people say that that is
really bad for you
and there's not a lot that we can do
about it you know besides getting up and
moving
so is it time for the stand-up timer to
come back maybe maybe it is time will
that destroy the pond yes oh no he was
dead I'm surprised that didn't there
that didn't destroy the pod because he
was still pushed into it interesting
smart move was to go for them
I think you should replace the couch
with a standing stream yes you'll get a
standing desk here and rich and I will
stand no we would hate that
that pod yeah I don't think there's any
way around it
wait no buildings are being it
who hasn't moved left everybody but oh
yeah you you could cuz you can walk on
water when you're in water you just
can't use your weapon we should have
only have three movement that's four I
says he has four movement in his thing
did he just oh I just uh
he just leveled up and his his level up
fortunately for me was plus one move
nice nobody knows what the fuck is going
on because we're not explaining this
game I explained it when I play it's
chess its battle chess and that's all
you need to know every every guy has
their own move and it's fucking great
it's fucking great battle chess
I tried playing games while standing
it's actually impossible there's no way
you could play like a first-person
shooter while standing I don't think I
want my elbow rested but like a game
like this you could play standing
what we got here the blue prism says hey
blood-borne is this month's free game on
PS plus I just thought that was
interesting to share is PS plus a good
service even with the DRM shit PS plus
is one of those you're forced into it
and it's kind of a good service because
of that like if you want to do anything
online on the PlayStation you need a PS
Plus account like if you want to play
games online you need a PS Plus account
in order to do that so that's kind of
bull hockey the upside is there you get
free games every month and then some
sometimes you get like discounts on
games or like you get a discount if you
go to be like PlayStation of view their
cable television service if you are a PS
Plus remember so like even though it's
bullshit that you need to pay a standard
feed just to play games that you also
pay for online the thing you get for it
is pretty alright I've actually played
I've gotten many games through the PS
Plus service and
so yeah now Xbox has their monthly game
past thing you know that was Jack what
perfect you did it perfect flawless
victory are you playing on normal yeah
okay great Lee you doing it but yes if
you have not yet played blood-borne and
have a ps4 first of all what's wrong
with you
second of all it's free this month if
you have a PlayStation Plus account so
get it get it
five-thirty skeptics it's thank you for
coming down hard on Konami did you know
a dev loyal to Kojima put never put a
hidden Fu message in a clipboard saying
Metal Gear is dead and called the
producers of survive bastard as a
healthy company what a full grid or do I
want more more stars Jack uh for me what
what I have been doing is all grid all
the time like full grid and then bump up
those grid defense percentages just in
case I can't protect a building later on
have you won yes I've won you've won
I've won okay okay good for something
you would say no okay then we're going
with stars but if I think both are a
valid strategy which is the good part of
it
either you bump up your grid defense
percentage or you get more stars to
spend on cool shit that'll help you out
later right it's both valid valid
strategy but I like that percentage
because every once in a while I'm in a
I'm in a no-win situation and I'd say
fuck they're gonna attack a building I
just gotta hope my percentage holds out
all right all right do it do it
rich one for the stars by the way just
yeah he way of the stars against my
advice but that's fine
you guys interested in doing an episode
on sea of thieves or is that not your
kind of game see if thieves if I'm
thinking of the right one that's the
online only massively multiplayer pirate
game right yes
yeah I'm not particularly interested I
know it's it's been pretty hit or miss
with us with the online only games we've
we've had a few wins I don't know if
that one will make the the we're
interested cut I like it I like where
you're going with that always a great
strategy to block people it's a block
new new Vic from coming up questions I
can't blow him up and I'm gonna be doing
a lot of damage on the one I can't blow
up but
that's fine that's just too damaged it's
fine it's fine it's fine everything's
fine everything's fine
no Richard and I have not tried vr
gaming yet not necessarily our don't I
don't care about it
that's super into what are you gonna do
there oh no no but then uh I suppose you
could
I mean yeah that's kinda what you gotta
do
Hey two-for-one two-foot one right you
did it you did it
rich is playing on normal difficulty so
go on it took a lot of lot of hits and
you have three turns left
I would pay just to see rich wear a
headset we got to wait for that game
that one game that's gonna sell us on it
I'm what oh yeah
and if Star Trek bridge simulator hasn't
dead and it's it's gonna be it's gonna
be a tall order man a Star Trek bridge
simulator can't get us to try VR what
else you got
nicely done I'm gonna call that very
nicely done
I mean you're you're kind of nailing it
only one after now you just have to
survive this turn and you and you win
you can do it survive ah five Oh
someone's dying oh wait no someone's
dying and it's definitely wait no you
can please on fire right fire damage one
fire damage one I don't have to worry
about him right I could save that
building you know I can't blow him up
and I can't let this thing blow up I got
it you got it I got it
what nope yeah
oh oh okay yeah you got it
bamm-bamm suck a bag of dicks game Veck
you eat it Veck double-check your pilot
see if anyone has any extra energy
because you a couple people leveled up
right
nope okay
you know I only had the one core oh no
but something like I know oftentimes
like a pilot will level up mid-battle
and then I'll forget they have a power
until like eight battles later oh I
couldn't lie couldn't attack or all
right destroy the dam kill at least
seven enemies that's a lot that's a tall
order that's pretty tall order yeah that
is a very tall order
rich what any interest in battle tech
are they doing anything currently that's
interesting the new the new battle tech
game is out in beta right now cuz I'm
interested yeah yeah I'm turn-based
strategy I like scum no battle tech as
far as I know that's the the theta mech
warrior but they're the same franchise
yeah how battle tech is that much
different from that Warriors may be
absurd a new mech warrior mr. Xiao Mao
says rich any interest in getting battle
tech it's a turn-based tactical game
Allah X come I've got the bait beta and
I think it's right up your alley
hmmmm this one's a turn-based tactics
I'm not against it I'll tell you okay is
that is that enough perfect no that's
perfect that's your glowing
recommendation not against it
we got to get a lot of clothes yeah
that's that's kind of the mission but
you could do so by lining them up and
destroying the dam the flying ones don't
get destroyed by the dam I'm kind of
hoping more crawlers emerge and then I'd
take out the dam okay I'm with you
there's strategy within strategy layers
it's grand strategy Jack you might not
be familiar with grand strategy I'm not
I'm f epic Jason I want to say I played
one of the legacy of kain games back in
the PlayStation days like the legacy of
kain games I've never really played am i
familiar with them existing how sad
that's fire that's fair i I want to say
I played them and generally enjoyed them
nothing over the top or super exciting
to my playthrough but I was like I think
I remember them fondly fonda Lee I think
I remember fun gondol Lee I think I
remember fondling them yes
the legacy of kain games and maybe I
only played one but yeah sure great
oh nice nice three more kills to go rich
but only two more enemies oh there you
go there you go you got this you got
this you got this rich I don't know I
don't know okay that's fair - that's her
dr. Lu but UPS is hey Jack and rich have
you ever placed bets on how early into
an episode Mike will mention Star Trek
I'll be honest with you I always forget
that Mike will mention Star Trek until
he actually does and then it turns into
like oh yeah so no I don't think we've
got replaced bets
the guys are way over there there's
nothing I can do to save your dude well
you could punch like it's so no I can't
him in water well he won't die this time
yeah but I won't
III won't succeed in my objective which
is in infuriating how much damage does
that cannon do one one that can't kill
anything
I need him mobile and I can't get him
mobile oh I can't even deliberately
damage him to get a mobile right right I
I can't shoot my own guy because this I
can't light up within water right and
you can push one of their guys into the
water killing one of them but then you
can't kill a second one of them and even
though you can push that other one into
the mountain to do one damage that
doesn't make him let go of his webbing
no you can't shoot in the water oh yeah
when if you if your guy is in the water
you cannot use your weapon I can give
one of the two kills I need but only one
yep
right well at least you got one star and
nobody died I don't know what a way out
is so Jack in an ideal world what would
you want out of the upcoming switch
Pokemon that's hard to say because I
mean I'm not gonna get what I want which
is kind of I would love you know just I
would love a classic Pokemon game with a
little more difficulty than the modern
Pokemon games are given me and I'm not
gonna get it because that's the trend in
their Pokemon gaming is going the other
way they are they're making it easier
they're making it easier to catch
pokemon there they are catering more
towards the the latter game and I always
liked the the early game so I'm not
gonna I'm just not gonna get what I want
give me open world open world Pokemon
start wherever you want my my dream
Pokemon game has always been you are you
are a defecting member of Team Rocket
like it takes place after ash or
whatever pokemon champion you know in
the original game defeats Team Rocket
and you're a defecting member of Team
Rocket and then you don't get three
Pokemon to pick from you you get the
entire stash of Pokemon leftover in your
base so you can start with any Pokemon I
just thought that would be a neat idea
then just make it open-world let me go
wherever strengthen up my pokemons
that would be nice oh nice
I don't really want to do anything
yeah I could I could block one you could
it's not the worst thing what I mean oh
yeah block one coming up absolutely
now I was like ah ah ah I was like gonna
well there's a lot going on sure is rich
there sure is
surely there's some boring Pokemon hack
that'll give you exactly that Oh
possibly Oh possibly button yeah you
know I have no say in what Pokemon game
they make so I am a 4:20 or this is
unnormal rich is playing on Normal
difficulty there's always a way there is
always a way life the fine is away I
read that in a book once
I lines away have you seen the Jurassic
world 2 trailer know it played in front
of the Black Panther movie yeah I think
it looks really dumb ok but more
importantly there's a sequence in which
Chris Pratt is running down a mountain
and I like a volcano's exploding and
he's running away from like stampeding
dinosaurs and it just it reminded me of
when you were making fun of The Witcher
running oh yeah because it looks
ridiculous and obviously like he's
running downhill and he's Chris Pratt so
he's kind of goofy in general but it
looks ridiculous when he's running
you've already won I've already won yes
hey hey everybody
victory heals all around yeah victory
heals
Victor heals everyone enjoy you've
earned it take a little breather just
take a little breather
let's see here
thank you Haggard play gird all right
give me a give me a give me a chat name
what give me a chat name give you a chat
name let me get into my yeah yeah I'm a
dealy-bob here might watcher isn't up
and going to your twat you go into your
Twitter um random random is eyes
chatter lottery sausage toes all right
you are the winners sausage toes sausage
toes remember that one okay everybody
everybody epic Jason X 9000 sausage toes
nice and you ran in the neck too right
maybe sausage toes is driving epic Jason
Watts
ninth of perfect that's perfect
all right so like pilot is sub right and
then the MEC name whoever is whoever I
love it I think that works great
mr. Gunny
mr. Gunny open up my twat Roger so we
can save some time next time but yeah
you'll do it this time
Jerry gargoyle man all right you might
just be able to fit scary gargoyle I
don't know how fat scary gargling scary
girl that's that's great
mr. Gunn he's driving the scary gargoyle
all right who's driving my artillery
mecha nice up you so go because it might
mind still populating so you'd still you
do this whole round okay but mine will
be ready for next round
what do you mean next round well if you
play again oh these people are on to
live yeah but you only get accused want
to say you only get to choose one that
stays I'm gonna beat the game okay put
your fill and choose one I'm feeling
she's one to stay Geno's suave Gino
suave
and Gino suave is gonna be driving did
you load it up I'm not used to all right
all right not populated my I'll do all
the work that's what I'm said I'll do
all the werster happy life
the the Twitter as far as the chatter
lottery is concerned only adds people if
they have said something in checked okay
I just turned it on so mine isn't fully
oh okay okay alright now we're all full
what do we got here who do we go what's
what's going on that one
smoke mortar that's not bad mm-hmm
we got bash an enemy to does to damage
and flip its attack direction that could
be very interesting jump towards and
push adjacent tiles
interesting grab a unit and toss it
behind you yeah that that's one of the
mechs you get later is the judo mech and
it you just throw an enemy which it adds
to interesting tactics but it's it's
weird
it definitely is weird do I want this
yes I do okay great
captain president said you could try an
exercise ball as a seat it forces you to
use muscles to balance yet not too
distracting I don't need the old
artillery anymore then right that's the
thing of the past now
well you I mean you could have you could
have both if you want wouldn't de why
would that do me any good muscle just
doesn't do damage that just pushes it
does not do any damage but you could
have both equipped so you could use them
situational I want stars to spend but
yeah damn it damn it no damn you well
what are you equipping you can leave
this menu and come back why don't you
equip do your stuff first and see what
you want in your max and then see if
there's anything to get rid of
detect damage - I think I can get rid of
the normal fist if you change to the
flip it's Direction face yeah okay I
think yeah that's what it looks like
absolutely well but like I said you can
leave this menu equip everything and
then come back to this menu but then
that I don't know if that does the -
right do I need the - I'm gonna keep
them all for now
well you don't have the - until you
upgrade to the - do you have the -
upgraded that long-term plans long term
long term thinking Jack's long term
thinking absolutely do it think it
oh wow
so I can only have one or the other
unless you use you have you he do have a
reactor power so you could have both
games you
with this thinking involved there's
thinking involved Siegel ton says
longtime viewer first-time
thanks for the awesome content over the
years Jack I would watch the heck out of
your hypothetical butcher show
especially on how to dress a whole
chicken so I don't need to power that
that's good you do have you have
buildings immune right now that would
give you a free reactor if you want to
turn that off because oh actually
because you don't need buildings immune
it's it's done if because you can use
your smoke mortar instead but hey you've
already done it it's already been done
there's no one doing it and that only
works front to back not in four
directions like you well what I could do
is yeah you could
that's probably the Weizmann but you
possibly unless you come into a
situation where you want to hit a
building and knock them left or right
I've already spent the reactor yeah yeah
yeah
is this fuck you hard like FTL I think
this is more forgiving yeah I agree
let's see here jack has no hair lol says
hey Jack what brand of shampoo do you
use
haha get fucked Baldy
thank you for your tip we appreciate
that someone spent their hard-earned
money let's point out that I don't have
any hair they gave you their hard-earned
money they gave me their hard-earned
money yeah to tell me that I don't have
hair that's great you just laugh and
take the hard-earned money thank you
thank you for the tip I appreciate it
punch back Jax is hi rich and Jack hey
rich I haven't played either dishonored
or the order 1886
but superficially they look similar no
not in any way shape or form if you saw
two still images of them I agree I get I
get you if I talk if I saw two pictures
of them side by side I say oh those
games do look alike what's the biggest
difference that makes one grade and the
other loathesome they're entirely
different games other than on a
superficial level so the so there's this
idea with games called gameplay and one
of these series has them and the other
does not one of these games is an
immersive experience that that
prioritizes player agency mm-hmm and
really making you feel like a part of
the world and the other is a cinematic
experience where you hit the button it
tells you to hit
yeah absolutely I I can only speak
forward Dishonored 2 but choice in how
you want to handle a mission is as
beautiful oh my god you broke rich
you broke rich effective what games are
we comparing Dishonored
and the order 1886 which have slightly
similar art styles but have absolutely
nothing in common gameplay wise
absolutely nothing in common gameplay
wise I will try to play more retro games
yes I got to find my copy of diddy kong
still it's in my house somewhere rich it
is somewhere in my home and I can't find
it
I cannot find it
what can you do quite a bit
I have to find Diddy Kong first I like I
could just get a new copy of Diddy Kong
but I know it's in my house somewhere
and so I've been waiting I've been
waiting on I'm buying a new copy because
I don't wanna and I don't want to I
don't wanna I don't want to buy a new
copy I already have a copy
true-blue review says one thing I love
that this game and FTL do is they
incentivize you to get achievements
instead of being just meaningless badges
they're used as currency for unlocking
more in-game non cosmetic stuff yeah if
you do certain things that's what
unlocks they do have coins they have
in-game currency but you can't buy
in-game currency you have to earn
in-game currency there's no buying and
that's what unlocks much like nftl
that's what kind of what unlocks more
mechs and more ways to play the game
it's kind of a natural a natural way to
deal with a difficulty curve is they
start you off with the basic mexic and
then some of the more advanced mechs
sets you can't get until you've played
enough with the basic mechs it to learn
the basic strategy which is very nice
Jack triggers Royce I have seen that
show comedians in cars getting coffee it
it's one of the most amazing premises of
any show ever and it always disappoints
me have you ever seen them no it's Jerry
Seinfeld taking a comedian out for some
coffee oh I've seen it I'm not very
often and they just talk and and but
it's just like oh my god comedy legends
getting together and having a
conversation about comedy this should be
the greatest show ever and it feels like
it has no meat to it it's just them
bullshitting and I want to hear the
entire eight hours of conversation not
this five minute cut down version
comedians in cars getting coffee
and it's just there's just no meat to it
I want more
at my calendar
well maybe who's building or definitely
lose a building right is that your
choice yeah well who do you have left
oh you only have that one laughter you
know there you go well I can't have him
die and I know I can I didn't do that
much damage oh if you want the star I'd
rather keep a building if the choices
keep a building or lose a star I'd
rather keep the building
well fuck yep well there you go
kg KJ t b8 says hey Jack been
considering a job change for a while
what do you think about butchery for a
radical midwife job change not a I mean
depending on where you live there's
probably not a ton of opportunity to
become a butcher and when you are a
butcher there's not a lot of opportunity
for advancement you're a butcher or you
own a butcher shop you know not a lot of
upward movement unless you own your own
butcher shop and you know then then
you're good
but it is a good skill to know generally
how to cut meat
impress your friends and family get a
big slab of meat cut it up into
individual chunks oh that doesn't do the
knock
well that's not well you know what but
it does change the direction of the
attack right sure
promise I got four things attacking
buildings and I have three moves I see
that I see that about you and your moves
well then at this point it's just
protect the generator that's easy enough
like this buildings fucked yes yes it is
wait what's the attack order okay never
mind well what are you thinking well I
was thinking if you push one enemy one
way it could lead him to hit a different
enemy but he won't do enough damage and
the other enemy attacks first so it
doesn't matter that push him push him
yeah there's really not a lot you can do
here
you can help your odds by pushing those
two enemies both that way so the beetle
attacks the other guy and weakens him a
little bit
well the beetle does a jumping attack
turning him isn't really gonna help
anyone beetle the beetle that you talked
about the beetle I meant that beetle oh
if you push him and the scorpion that
way they start damaging each other which
will help you next turn but then you
still have that guy attack in that
building which is something you're just
gonna have to have thank you not much
yeah
I don't worry about that beetle
don't worry about that beetle because
you can always punch the other one and
turn his attack away
we're thinking we're thinking okay
that's fine
or thank you
we're thinking everyone
Anonymous is Jack saw that you used to
be a dispatcher yes for well my job
similar you're right it's fun lining
things up and optimizing routes makes me
surprised you didn't like XCOM are
similar sense of mental chess yeah I
mean and I'm okay with XCOM and just
like I'm okay with you know I like this
to me is a little easier than ex-cons
just because it's all like kind of micro
missions this is micro XCOM or shit but
yeah like I'm okay with ex-con there's
nothing I can do about him and and also
save the power plant which is important
yeah there's nothing I can do I agree
with you so basically we just have to
kind of hope that we we are in G that
15% and save the power plant where this
is gonna be this isn't going to be good
yeah yeah why are bugs attacking because
I think is there big meanie push bug
versus max man this is just where we're
at
all the webbing bugs and then it'll
worst okay there's only one bug
attacking a building yes that's great
where's that um
oh they're both thing oh okay well
that's easy that's great
huh yeah huh that's how I work sometimes
wait that was to me that was done that
actually was done
I got sky got this just thinking I'd
like for him to have the experience that
sure that's like the only thing I need
to do yeah everything else is just and
you're not gonna die so it doesn't
matter
I love moments in this game when a plan
comes together after I get stuck staring
at my screen for 10 minutes yes it's not
really happening here oh no but this is
again it's one of those games where a
bit slay the spire asked where large
sections of the game are just not moving
and looking at the screen and mulling
over your options what can I do here
let's think through every contingency
invisible strings says what is the most
underrated dan aykroyd film is there an
underrated Dan Akroyd film or are his
good ones sufficiently appreciated his
bad ones appropriately disliked ah but
along some some since I've seen it so I
could be wrong okay I remember
appreciating neighbors with John Belushi
neighbors nobody's really talking about
neighbors nowadays right yeah yeah I'm
with you I'm with you that never gets
mentioned amongst the greats
I wouldn't necessarily call my girl a
dan aykroyd film accounts I don't know
if you it's pretty big partner sure he's
I would partner I wouldn't call him I
wouldn't call it a dan Aykroyd vehicle
does it need to be a dan Aykroyd vehicle
they said it's a damnit what Dan Aykroyd
film is underrated so yes I'm gonna say
just a movie he's in oh oh also my girl
was not underrated everyone loved my
girl that's true wait for what what are
you doing I thinking that's what I'm
doing I'm not doing anything yet jack
you know pull your fucking do you know
the terraformer day your call your
fucking kill ya
it kills
that's a shame can you get now you can
there's nothing to do about that is
there something no there's no no oh yeah
wait you can shoot him shoot him both
away
sure sure sure
trading places is absolutely considered
a classic trading places was the first
time I noticed boobs because like really
notice them and appreciated them there
there we go that was like because you
know you saw boobs or Jamie Lee Curtis
yeah or or that was the first time you
you put it together that boobs were a
good thing that you wanted to be a part
of yes yes I'm down with this I get it
now I get it
thank you miss Curtis sure I guess we
could just defend it
Jamie Lee Curtis I'm gonna say she's
still something she's not you know she's
not that anymore but she's still
something good old Jamie Lee Curtis okay
so also keep in mind I know you got a
lot going on in your head at this moment
but one of the one of the stars is
terraformed the grasslands back to
desert so you know I and yeah you need
to terraform you know once won a turn in
order to do that you know say it out
loud
I'm just saying she's still she's still
a Spitfire I'm not you know I'm not
saying she she's necessarily just the
terraforming hurt you yes does it stop
the bugs from coming up no not that I
that's important I'm going to say no
because I think you already did it once
and it didn't stop them but the chattin
may prove me wrong they're saying no it
will not
okay stop MI and I believe that to be
true
Susan Sarandon or Jamie Lee Curtis at
any point in life Susan Sarandon that's
what I'm gonna say now then I'm gonna
say Susan Sarandon rich they remind me
of young Susan Sarandon here now
from give me a give me a visual film on
Louise the what was the baseball game
with with Tim I'm taking young Jamie Lee
Curtis with Tim Robbins and and Kevin
Spacey that what was that baseball movie
Bull Durham bull Durham get a little
Rocky Horror Picture Show
Dirk they're comparable they're
comfortable
Costner yes Kevin Costner knife Kevin
Spacey you're right sorry you are
absolutely correct Kevin Costner Tim
Robbins and Susan Sarandon there's a lot
going on here isn't there yeah yeah
there is a lot going on over here why do
you why do you always want to give me
more than I can deal with because that's
the game rich that's the motherfucking
game that's the mother chunkin game to
block the spawn and get the pod boom
bonus points for picking up the pod man
did it ooh
I don't know this this is fine oh yeah
you got this done already this is yeah
you've already won
terraform is ass oh I'm a beast yeah
Pacific Rim ain't got nothing on you
rich I know you don't have to pick up
the pod but at that moment I may as well
have wait you don't have to pick up the
pod just needs to survive oh my god
really yeah
I never knew that yeah I I have been
like like straining my strategy to make
sure I pick up the pot every time or
else you know oh my god I'd never even
put that together oh that's a great one
MECs gained 1 + move if they start their
turn adjacent to each other
that'll give you a little boost every
every starter if you started next to
each other to HP because you HP boom
Jack are you a Downton Abbey fan I am
NOT I've seen a few episodes of Downton
Abbey the the wife was really into that
for a while and I watched a few episodes
and yond all the way through just just
just uh just a snoozefest for Downton
Abbey well I got to course but I do like
that actor who ended up in Legion new
season Allegiant if ever everyone see
the trailer trailer for the new season
Allegiant who who looks exciting it's
great I could use some more damage I
really could I'd like to get both those
weapons up and running shit motherfucker
motherfucker
what image
the only thing I know about the legion
guy is he also played the beast in the
live-action Beauty and the Beast remake
but for most of the movie he's you know
the beef so you can't really see him
it's done it's done I've made my choices
in life
I will now live with them what choice
did you make whoa whoa of a damaged
other tank
it's a little beauty of the beast yeah
we're talking about important stuff here
and I feel like you're brushing over it
did you see the remake of Beauty and the
Beast which one the like the remake of
the TV show do they make another version
of this even when I'm talking about
bringing back the TV I think they were
talking about it but they didn't do it
I'm talking about the live-action Disney
released starring her Miami and David
Frum isn't really a remake yes it is
it's fucking fairy tale it's fine it's
fine
I'll tell you what I did I did not see
it I have not seen it I have not seen it
so fuck fuck it whoa
it's an unmake the head those those
live-action remakes are are making Bank
for Disney at the moment just making
Bank
ever since the gosh-darn jungle book but
of course now they're doing a
live-action remake of The Lion King but
it's fucking lions and so it's all gonna
be CG anyway it's horse is fucking lions
it's exactly but it's just like what's
the point of doing a live-action remake
if everything's gonna be CG anyway
don't they have enough money it's Disney
it's never enough it's never enough
money they just want more money what do
you do what sure he makes everyone
explode and damage one tile adjacent so
if you kill a Veck and he's still alive
explode I guess he's a priority oh my
and I can kill with him
nice excellent excellent job oh yeah I
suppose they also did that 100 and 100
Dolphins remake didn't even think about
that that was ages ago
when will Disney owned all the theaters
they already do did you already see they
make so much money they make so much
money
eventually much much like Amazon
eventually everything will be Disney
everything will be Disney or Amazon
those are our choices right now
what-o cloud you clouded a nice nice job
nicely done you did it
doesn't mickey mouse become part of
public domain soon technically no no
because Disney keeps changing the rules
vaulted the bargain don't alter it
further every every time it gets
somewhat close to Mickey Mouse entering
public domain wine and lobby to Congress
and get their way yeah
every single time it's happened now a
half a dozen times that they've extended
how long a copyright lasts I want to say
if it was under like original copyright
rules he would have been public domain
in the 80s
no 70s even how'd you do how'd you fuck
up man no you dope we can do it we can
deal you knew it we can deal you can do
it we did we didn't fucked up we didn't
done fuck up but we can deal great you
can D fucked
I can de fuck myself that's correct sir
I I need to let you know I've been
practicing yoga for years I've learned
how to deep fuck myself you're welcome
all right
Disney Amazon and Google the Lords of
our cyberpunk future it's it's kinda
true yeah it's kind of true where are we
dr. Lu bit ups as you guys at rlm have
quite the internet presence have you
ever received any threats what do you
mean threats on our lives all the time
all the time seems to go hand in hand
with being well-known on the Internet
these days how have you dealt with them
I I guess I have never received bought a
threat of bodily harm to me to me myself
and Irene and Irene neither me myself
nor Irene have received a threat of
bodily harm I suppose if I received a
threat that I perceived to be credible I
would alert the proper authorities
I've had a lot of people complain about
me and the things I say and do but no
one has a threatened so
yeah do all right
wait if you push him into the tracks
does that hurt the Train I don't really
know I don't necessarily want to risk it
I think it might hurt the bug but yeah I
actually don't know either
what do we think guys if if if he pushes
the bug into the Train will it hurt the
Train
it hurts train it hurts right okay all
right there you go can i smoke him a
push him
train hook up boom okay that's good
that's good to know I maybe had a
cowcatcher on the front I don't know how
the space trains work that's a lot of
fuck you isn't it
uh-huh wait all right but Nova's had to
take care of him
oh jesus fucking wait what does he do I
see the explode yeah I think all Vic
will explode on death oh yeah that's
gonna fuck you and trend right up I mean
we have to
we have to you won't kill him so yeah
that's fine
oh oh shit
oh wait can you guys jump can he jump
push the two buddies and they come I'm
thinking long-term yeah maybe just to
sacrifice this building just to kill one
of these guys
I got two more coming yeah oh yeah maybe
it'll ship them out of the way and just
damaged my other mech and kill him I'm
not sure oh and the train and the Train
what's the dupes that's what that reset
is they're for experimentation
I say jump push and live to fight
another round where your you'll be
totally fucked next round but maybe
something will come together because
you're already totally fucked this round
if you don't jump
all right all right take one building
hit it's not just a it's not just a
power grid loss that was 82 lives lost
we lost people there man
people
why do people dislike the Fantastic Four
I don't it's a I can be a little hokey
it's its story from a long time ago that
might not be relevant to a lot of people
nowadays I suppose there's a lot of
reasons why people could dislike it it's
a little silly it's it's been done
poorly so many times that maybe people
only know it from the versions where
it's been done so incredibly poorly
maybe we just need that that good
version of the Fantastic Four to remind
people
you know it can work we've seen it work
with The Incredibles we're gonna tank
some hits take some hits
take some Hatsune oh god save the train
that bet it did and you know just fuck
you but you know if you if you look at
superhero family dynamic The Incredibles
is a fantastic and so I think there is a
way that you can do fantastic form right
I think for a long time they were so
concerned with the origins story that
everything else fell apart but now we've
reached a point where we don't
necessarily care about origin stories
anymore so we might actually there's a
possibility for a good Fantastic Four
movie somewhere out there somewhere just
yeah just get it away from Fox get it
the heck away from Fox
sweet jeebus mr. fantastic has a lot of
ego to call himself mr. fantastic
there's a whole norma coddled bit about
that that I highly recommend fantastic
fantastic for naming bit blueberry says
Wow protect the corporate tower is a
priority now that is realistic yeah I
mean you usually do want to protect the
community center so yeah that was dumb I
could have prevented that that was
really dumb rich yes yes it was
you've made some mistakes
IDO kendo says rich do you have career
advice for carpentry woodworking no what
was your path I'd I don't I wasn't I was
never a carpenter okay III I worked in
fire sprinklers for a bit yeah but I was
never a carpenter what was your path
like that led you to build things for
our LM we needed shit done and it's
really that simple
shit needed to be built someone was
going to build it and rich stepped up
and Oquendo says I'm an art student
looking for something more practical
thanks for any advice I'm sure in your
area there are you know training
available for carpenters or or people of
the like but I think in Rich's case it's
a lot simpler and that just shit needed
to get built
our ally and we need jokes a thing in
Wisconsin I've never heard of an ollie I
have literally no idea what the fuck you
are talking about so I'm gonna say no I
say no they are not a thing
Zillah
4000 say guys enjoying the stream and I
just saw the trailer for tremors 6 a
cold day in hell and was wondering what
your guys thoughts on the tremors thanks
and keep wondering our thoughts on the
tremors not the movie tremors but the
tremors themselves I think I've seen
four of the tremors movies yeah and you
know the first tremors is brilliant
everyone knows that yeah and then you
know it degrades over time but they're
all schlocky and weird
you got yourself trenched in there don't
you you motherfucker
have they gone to space yet as tremors
gone to space yet yeah I don't I don't
know because it probably should don't
you think so sick of losing buildings
yeah you only have to grid power left I
can't hit him with smoke I don't have
the range I'm sorry I'm sorry VIN
see this is why for me at least taking
all the power grid early on Jax until
those last two minutes I had nearly full
power grid I wasn't it wasn't necessary
well no no but you know the more grid
power you get the more it adds to your
percentage that they won't destroy a
building uh-huh
and so that's why I like I I just suck
up all the grid power I I did nothing
but grid once yeah and I I got to like
33% I was still pretty much losing
buildings damn near every time the
attack time sure sure you got a pilot
you got some grid power back and you got
you got a weapon on the jump over man
that wasn't that wasn't an i-told-you-so
I was not trying rich I don't want it to
seem like I was doing oh you were told
no no I was giving a contrast to the
strategy just that was not an
i-told-you-so
I know I need to choose what I'm
thinking out which one to choose gosh
darn it I know I need the power but I
want to unlock a pilot no sure that's
forever
that is that is forever pilots are
forever mech can act twice if it does
not move is the special of this pilot
requires to power that could be that
could be very powerful I got it I got to
take the grid if you want this one to be
successful yeah I know it's a lot of
shit
yeah a lot of energy a lot of energy we
spend here good in that respect

[Part II]
anonymous says hey guys thanks for
getting me through another Wednesday of
all the crazy conspiracy theories you
have ever heard of
is there any which you just can't check
the feeling that it's possibly true JFK
but which version of the JK and who did
it right right not necessarily the
grassy knoll but that somebody paid to
have him killed and I could see it there
what what's one of the strip the
stronger versions is that it was who was
his vice president johnson johnson that
it was johnson's doing because johnson
really wanted to go to war and kennedy
who didn't the mobs not a bad one though
the mob his Finlay was hard on the mob
sure sure and both he and his brother
died right the person that assassinated
the hip man was a mobster i'm not saying
it was definitely the mom but I'm just
saying I could see it I can see it there
as far as Kennedy's assassination is
concerned there are a bunch of very
compelling conspiracy theories yes ideas
Johnson is a dumb one yeah Johnson makes
a lot of sense for what so he'd be
president for three years and tie his
business interests to the war effort
alright alright he became goddamn rich
off of the war
come on rich watching too many Oliver
Stone movies the question was which one
can you see being real and it's in we we
fully admit that all of these are just
theories they're just conspiracy
theories but which one could be real I'm
not saying there's a smoking gun and it
was definitely a conspiracy but yeah I
can see that being a thing yeah I got a
lot of things I can do
I'm not really I got we're gonna spin
some fucking reactors yo so on that
fucking I'm not using it why do I need
it
yup
yeah is there any one of those that
you're not really using either like what
about the the turn you know the punch
one that just turns their attack are you
using that not really but I can see
where that could in the future be useful
you could absolutely you know you can
sell that and get another energy power
or just have to grid power and be full
grid power which would be nice right now
there's there's one other's options you
got lots of options
I really haven't gotten used to that
it's done do it I've made my choices
we're done get you another power that I
mean that's someone's help that's that's
more more movement which could be huge
you constantly find yourself I've
noticed this play through just a 1
square away from being able to do
something yeah you know
I just do that one move on everyone
oh my god oh but I want is extra damage
I'm not gonna afford that that's a pipe
dream that's it it's a beautiful dream
it's a beautiful pipe dream there but no
it's never gonna happen you could spend
it all right now and get it all but then
you know and you still have even if I
spend it all I wouldn't get it yeah
you have three well you have to get this
first right no oh you don't I don't you
know what I'm gonna say that that I
don't believe you need to I think you
can just get the two damaged if you want
does Jack know what he's talking about
does rich need it does rich need to get
the - first and then - damage I think
you can get just the two damage first
hold on that's all the four damage is a
lot that's that that's a one punch kill
for for a lot of the enemies that's a
lot then I couldn't bring him up to plus
oh wait no that's just an extra one you
do not need it first I'm seeing a lot of
you do you can just get the two damaged
don't need - I need to kill things
quicker I would like to be able to kill
things quicker will you be able to move
to them yes okay yes
fuck it fuck it fuck it you get you get
that one a little like one extra
movement and it's it's pretty it's
pretty dang unstoppable
however - five tiles and kill is an
achievement that gets you an unlocked
coin
yeah I'm streaming this I want to have a
good run
absolutely people people are already
calling it the mega punch run you people
know me so well any favorite TV movie
streaming apps you know I know this is
something rich you and I talked about
off camera yeah but I don't know if I've
talked about it on stream of how much
I've been enjoying YouTube red I don't I
just guilt-free get rid of ads it's the
only thing I've really used before I
haven't watched that much of their
original programming honestly I have
watched zero order programming but
watching YouTube without ever having to
worry about ads guilt-free it has been
amazing watching like just listening to
albums or YouTube music or or audio
playlists with my phone locked has been
great I've been really enjoying
YouTube's bread I got it as a on a whim
because I was about to go on some
flights and I wanted to download some
YouTube videos and so it's like you know
what I'll get I'll get YouTube bread for
a month and download these videos that I
can watch on the plane because there's
no Wi-Fi on the plane and it just turned
into such a lovely experience watching
all of these what just how much YouTube
I watch I now get to enjoy add free and
guilt free because we are YouTube
content creators so
it would be incredibly disingenuous
dissing genuine of us to use an ad
blocking program
do you guys get extra money when I yes
so you know we get a little portion from
YouTube bread if you watch one of our
videos on YouTube
absolutely that's how it works
you you pay and and all the creators you
know instead of watching instead of you
know the advertisers giving YouTube
money that they then give to the
creators YouTube just gives a little bit
of your YouTube bread money to the
movies and it's nice do this this goes
bad other than that I like the Netflix
Amazon is all right
they don't Amazon doesn't have the
content I would like but it already
comes with one damage I could take that
I can take that you could take that the
thing with Amazon Prime is you know you
get the free shipping you get the
streaming you get the twitch integration
stuff like you have an Amazon Prime
account it comes with a lot more so like
that I'm okay with Hulu a bit
if I had to choose just one over
probably Netflix because their original
programming is on point but that's about
it
Amazon Prime has the entirety of far
easier I did not know that that would
that's great background that's great
background listening that so how do you
feel about being overcome and you still
got a robot to freeze well that that's
doable you can freeze the robot wait
rich if you if you punch or if you move
that squid out of the way yeah you can
freeze the robot and then have your
freezie gun block the upcoming one it'll
kill them but you have you'll have both
robots frozen anyway I might be able to
do better than that
oh okay we'll see we'll see we'll see
okay well let's see yes new Jessica
Jones tomorrow Jessica Jones season two
tomorrow
super hyped fucking love Jessica Jones
and after the utter utter
disappointments we've had as far as my
freeze him he can take a hit right well
if you freeze him he can take a hit but
then he's unfrozen and then you'll have
to freeze him again
but yes if you freeze him he can take a
hit
but after after Luke Cage and fucking
iron fist and the defenders I'm ready
for some quality Marvel Netflix again
and I'm ready for season 2 Jessica Jones
no no no no no this time I wanted to
waste
wrong button presses yeah oh sorry
okay what's your plan what's your plan
tell us what you think of me
freeze him somehow shove him down but if
I'm shoving him over though and that's
not gonna work
alright fuck it fuck it fuck it all
right you need you need some experience
I'm just gonna get the damn kill fuck it
great
I don't want to destroy this thing this
could be really useful it could be and
you know you don't have to you don't
have to destroy it yeah you can block
with your other guys but you should at
least freeze the other Ronald I'm going
to you know that's on the agenda it is
on the agenda you know what I was
working on this morning rich by the way
I find because you know I've been
editing the episode I started doing the
voice recordings for what I'm gonna be
cut what I'm I think I think I'm going
to title Bale's Batman the Animated
Series ok Bale's Batman the Animated
Series you know you know like no one
else that was I thought that was gold
Jack no one nice is all right but I
think Bale's Batman speaks more clearly
to what it is okay he's Christian Bale's
Batman in Batman the Animated Series so
you know I went through I watched the
episode I've wrote down all my lines not
many of them by the way yeah something
you and I have learned watching Batman
the animated series episodes looking for
the proper episodes is Batman does not
talk a lot in his show
bail just did with gnome told him no
that was bales idea bail I don't care
it's funny it's funny bail has gone on
and on about how that voice was his idea
but I wrote down all all the lines and I
started doing the voice and then I went
to put the voice into the cartoon and I
realized something which is I need to do
it a lot faster every everything needs
to be so much fast yeah you know all of
my Batman lines sound better why do I
need to talk last so I got to do it a
lot faster I need to so I need to redo
which should make Jack happy some show
don't tell is good yes well no and you
know Batman is very compelling character
being silent his actions speak louder
than words
but I need so I need to talk a lot
faster and then the hard work is going
to come when I need to fill in the
background noise you know because I've
put my voice over Batman's but it's not
just putting it over Batman's I also
need to get rid of Batman's voice which
means also redoing music the music and
any background noise that's in there so
are you in the whole episode you just do
chunks the entire because that's the
joke okay okay and then we're gonna see
how YouTube's copyright BOTS let's deal
with it and poorly poorly yes because I
will just then upload the entire episode
as bales version and and see what
happens
joke see that's the thing disti that's
why you need the hole up freeze yourself
and the target that's not good that's
not good that's very interesting though
this is just for the term I assume you
stay frozen until you are knocked will
see that that's why you upload the whole
episode cuz the joke is gonna get old
but Batman actually does not talk that
much and so then you know the the the
actual episode will go away from Batman
for a little bit and the viewer might
forget about Christian Bale's Batman
voice until he starts talking again and
it's ridiculous it's gonna be perfect
I'm really excited yes you could freeze
yourself on top of an emerging bug but
also having that be concurrent to
freezing another enemy
and I need the power for it oh god oh
god no oh dear I'll look into that
Cousteau's a Bill and Ted comic
miniseries I will look into that
if YouTube strikes it down you might try
uploading it to Vimeo yeah that's not a
bad idea
that is not a bad idea I do have a Vimeo
account really going crying watching huh
try yeah I mean yeah do it you do you
you get some health or your buildings
immune back yourself one power to spend
interesting
Warner Brothers is finally releasing on
blu-ray this month Batman and mr.
Freeze's sub-zero and isn't the entire
animated series coming out on blu-ray
soon that's a lot of monsters monsters
and you can't kill the robots if you
want them stars well wait so you took
the cryo gun right the freezie gun yeah
okay yeah cuz the Jats coming up with a
lot of a lot of good situations to use
it in you know setting yourself up to be
hit by an enemy
yeah but then freezing yourself yeah
yeah there's there there's some
potential with this weapon
there is some potential rich do I
control these guys
are they powered
can you move them right now oh it's a
mine bot they just place mines so no you
don't control them robot help but you
don't control Oh and actually infra red
riding-hood says you can repair out of
being frozen if you have to that's good
to know that adds to the strategy so
many layers so many blame I already
fucked you no yes no yes yes no you're
fine how do I get out of this little
situation I can't move him or the robot
gets bit gets the killed what if you hit
him with your long-range push the robot
one way push him up to the other one
push them both this fight hit the square
in between them push them each other's
way
freeze
how much help I need to move this guy
twice or kill him which I don't think
can happen you can freeze him then this
guy's gonna kill this building you can
move him how with your other candidate
what other cannon your cannon up there
your your your your other the him him
yeah that's the one that it's cannon
yeah he's the one that needs to freeze
I'm fucked he has the freeze
he's got the freeze yes I thought your
other one had the freeze
no oh yeah you're fucked yeah what
weapons does your other guy have I can
move them both but that's just gonna
destroy a building
oh yeah you're fucked I'm sorry I
thought your other tank had the freeze
gun so I thought you were fine but no
you are not fine Oh unless you can kill
them well then the building guys
let's think this through
let's think this through here so he's
got the jumper he's got the freezer okay
no here's what you do right yeah fuck no
you're totally fucked you're losing a
building no matter one jump huh
how much damage
oh yeah he's doing okay so here's how
you minimize damage yeah is you can you
can either saving the robot jack pull
via artillery to the bottom left freeze
the Mantis from their bottom left what
he can't even hit the Mantis from here
or here or here he needs a straight line
here's the there's the area of effect
yeah so we can free but we can the only
place I can hit the Mantis from is one
of these three squares right but you can
punch the brown bug yeah I don't shoot
the angry one move the beetle here's
what happens if I punch the Brahma I
can't punch the brown Bart you can't if
I punch the brown bug he knocks into him
yeah and then I believe he also knocks
into the thing and unfreezes the bro Bob
right well the robots not frozen you
have the you have a beetle front oh the
beetle frozen I don't want to unfreeze
the beetle that would be bad well but
now then he again then the beetle kills
this robot Oh was the beetle going to
attack I think so or did the beetle no I
think the beetle just got frozen so if
you unfreeze the beetle nothing happens
I don't think the beetle was going to
attack so that's fine I think take the
the star hit instead of the power grid
head no take this ooh that's my that's
my thing though I don't want to lose
that grid man you play like a coward
absolutely and I win running away is a
valid strategy rich because then you're
still alive I can't perfect this term no
you have to decide whether you want a
grid to die or whether you want to
started I had rather lose a grid I got
more and that's that's that's your
choice it's fine that's absolutely fine
then freeze the Mantis and thank this -
damage to the Mantis the Mantis has
three I could kill the Mantis and that's
I think there's just gonna be what I
have to do you can kill the Mantis yeah
but I can't do anything about him right
I can do that and do that okay I don't I
don't approve of Richie strategy but
that's fine this is written you know I'm
not I'm just here to give my advice
which does not have to take my damn it's
what I did a slight bad okay bad enough
that I reset and that might be a mistake
but rather than outright killing the
Mantis I can kill and block and that's
far better and that's that's worth the
reset that is absolutely far better cuz
now only one enemy is gonna pop up ah
the grid mag ludus you should love this
music
get it on a go to band camp go to Bend
grunty's band camp
first of all night then front II is the
is the composer of the soundtrack he did
the FTL soundtrack as well
good shit man just good shit
this is great I was listening to this
soundtrack over and over while editing
Yale he dies in water he dies in water I
didn't know he'd nothing else dies in
water of all the bugs die in water that
is a robot
what's water
son of a bitch well fuck that just sucks
you have to have the massive trait
and now I feel bad
look I couldn't I couldn't reset that
I'd love to reset that you're gonna
freeze I know I know yeah man that's
that's no good
now you lost it you lost it but you can
still get the 1 star for defending the
other robot so that's something but you
lost the robot anyway Jack will you ask
rich to turn the grid coordinates to
turn on grid coordinates in options I
don't know what that means
what's grid coordinates I know I got
shit to do
Rich's got shit to do so he's not doing
it not going to do it and I'm sorry
sorry not sorry I think they might be oh
okay I get it the coordinates of the
grid so people can say rich move a to to
be dirty
all right so people can help oh yeah all
right that's cool so yeah now if we do
want to discuss strategy we can we can
actually like talk to each other like
real humans it says go down there and do
the down thing right right all right
that's that's a good suggestion thank
you yes I hope Jack remembers his rows
and columns yes now you did it firstly
just numbers and letters so 3a it's like
it's like battleship now absolutely but
I remember the columns like the
Colosseum in the columns the columns see
oh my god I remember do you call him
like you see him ah what movie do you
love that was widely panned now is there
any movie you love that was widely
panned love I know as a kid I liked
Howard the dark Iron Man 3
my love for Iron Man 3 goes far beyond
anyone elses know what I can say that
was panned I don't think it was
appreciated properly fans I don't think
people loved it as much as they should
and so that's gonna be my go-to just
because I fucking love Iron Man 3
I know it wasn't panned but it wasn't
appreciated as much as it should have
been small Ransom all right well ball
rats was panned but found its audience
later on DVD so like mall rats was
slightly panned not fully panned he's
already a lot of shit going on fucking
love mall rats that was my jam
yeah there's already a lot going on you
can do this though this is easy this is
easy man
you've got this
push a bug into water maybe definitely
definitely not fucker that's a great
idea
yeah oh you just moved that one that
other bug is just gonna run into a
goddamn wall like an idiot look at it
gonna hit anything what an idiot
wait you could push a bug into water
III know I'm thinking Joe I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm very sorry I don't
mean to disturb your flow but there
there's been a couple occasions where
you've acted a little too quickly and
had to reset your turn and I just wanted
to make sure that no I don't want it now
it's just you know I'm just trying to do
my best rich Evans here I'm just trying
to a beer be your wingman I'm not trying
to backseat game I'm just making sure
you've thought of all the angles it's
all good
kick it in the backseat MERS a MERS
Merricks Amer's says hello i was
inspired by your fun injustice
playthrough to read the great injustice
comic rich what do you have an opinion
on guy Gardiner not really
he seems so much more interesting than
Hal Jordan or John Stuart I just don't
have a strong opinion on Guy Gardner I'm
I apologize for that
I only know of Guy Gardner through the
cartoon Batman brave in the bold that
I've watched with my kids and he's for
for anyone who doesn't know all I know
about him is he's kind of the fuckup
Green Lantern alright I've not played
this game anywhere near as much as you
okay what's the deal with these little
guys I have to save them or can I
destroy them what's their story all all
your objective is is defend the robot
factories what are these little guys and
what are they doing and what do they do
so they shoot a projectile that causes
the target to burn and does one damage
why are they attacking things because
they're robots man they thought the
robots were on my side Jack sometimes
they're on your side sometimes they're
not man block rogue AI oh if you for
anyone who's playing this game if you
hold down control over anything it gives
you it gives you some more info
information yeah so I say treat the
robots as hostile
this game keeps giving me unwinnable
situations jack that's isn't that the
point of a game uh is to give you a
hurdle to go through man oh no you got
this you can do this no I can't I really
can't he's already moved oh shit okay
yeah you're right
he can't move right and he can't hit oh
can he can jump can't
I'll be there we go
boom Shakalaka boom Shakalaka whatever
happened to the jacks latest fire beat
or pass out stream in trying to schedule
that what I've realized is that's kind
of a logistical nightmare because part
of the what while it is an incredibly
funny idea and I think would make for a
really engaging stream the other part of
the scheduling of that is making sure
that you know someone's there to watch
my kids in the morning because I'll be
useless and that that gets hard to
schedule so it's looking like it might
not happen even though I think it would
be very funny we'll see what happens as
we get closer for the 1.0 release and
slay the spire maybe that'll be a fun
slay the spire is actually out now a
thing
so Guy Gardner Guy Gardner is a Green
Lantern who but he's kind of a fuckup
it's kind of an asshole
yeah he's the asshole Green Lantern but
he's still a Green Lantern like he still
has like the power of the Green Lantern
though yeah it's kind of a dickhead and
I don't know if that makes him a more
compelling character or just a dickhead
I just don't know that much about him
I'm just I'm not familiar enough to
really say yeah go Green Lantern's are
strange Green Lantern's are very strange
oh you're being so nice to me this trend
alright but are they at least he has a
character yeah I like in in any of these
situations I want hopefully everyone
kind of wants a character with flaws so
we can watch them overcome those flaws
that generally makes for a more
compelling character I just don't know
enough about Guy Gardner to be honest
you want you want an underdog
I want another dog you might want
something completely damaged five well
you can take care of him and I just got
to worry about the other Schmucks well
what's the attack order I can do this
okay alright you can do this you've got
this you got this
right right
yeah well yeah yeah maybe Devon I just
got a last one turn oh okay oh they
definitely been definitely yeah yeah
then you got it then you got it jo kitty
says it's okay to run away unless you
live to fight another day
there's no there's nothing wrong with
the Cowardly way out that's a that's a
valid strategy that's easy
deflate a mouse says hey Jack any chance
you will do a switch stream anytime soon
the splatoon bayonetta kirby is coming
out I just got a game on the switch that
I bought solely for a stream idea I had
as soon as spring hits us I think I
thought a fun idea would be a spring
cleaning stream and I have that that
first person clean up after the dune guy
game yeah and then a game that I got on
switch because it was on sale that's
like a stealth clean up after mob hits
game that I thought could be fun so we
could do a spring cleaning stream okay
so yes
other than that I don't know well wait
until Hyrule warriors comes out there
the Hyrule warriors Ultimate Edition is
coming out on the switch and I kind of
want that oh shit
hold on
that is a truly horrible idea oh I think
that's fun I think it's cute and we're
doing a themed stream it's gonna be
great
it's gonna be fucking great you're gonna
love it - put him here yeah blow them
apart
boom him next to him kills him yep
damages him doesn't kill him but gets
him out of the way important and kills
the robot which who's gonna do major
damage and then I got room to come down
here and kill him I don't think that's
what I need to do what is the purple guy
do all other Veck have incoming weapon
damage reduced by one oh that's not an
issue this term okay great great
great I need to kill him now or block
all right kill him now
the way I think I can want to do it
damage for I can you got some decisions
do I do you do there people in chat are
saying armor effect must go
I can easily get him next turn there'll
only be two enemies on the map three
there'll be three enemies on the map
if I kill him there's still three
enemies on the map did you take your
meds the day you came up with that idea
oh I thought it's a cute idea spring
cleaning and we'll have a game day where
we do cleaning games this is funny
that's cute that's cute
it's cute see below my cute jack Oh cute
spaz a jack well I don't give a fuck
what's pass a I think it's cute I'm
doing it gonna be crazy
well the other thing I know is that for
the vast majority of people who watch
this dream they don't care what we play
they just want us to talk about nonsense
I know the the least interesting stuff
to talk about exactly and so that's all
that's all I wanna know
play some cleaning games and talking
about nonsense oh I'll be great I don't
know I don't have do I have the building
the safe building option installed I do
do you they better have a little know
that says you're doing one damage see
your light oh yeah I don't think you
have that installed that would be so
great right there you went for something
else
I get that lock - let me guess it's not
what you would have went for no I'm she
said I would have done it very
differently no I I want to say we
because we talked about it when you were
upgrading stuff and you went for a
different one for some reason it's okay
it's okay
first first things first okay you die
none of us says hey guys I just watched
your injustice playthrough and I think
you guys would really enjoy Marvel vs.
Capcom infinite it's the only game I
know where Franklin West interacts with
spider-man
stay awesome we're not very good
fighting game guys if you ever noticed
that if Rick West's it I like Frank West
I know we're terrible at fighting games
we got a love shit like by the way I
really enjoyed our injustice playthrough
I thought that was really fun like we
had a good time we got a lot of shit for
that for not being for Natalie for not
being the best at fighting games ever
even though I had a pretty darn good
time wait no wait I can just barely
barely do it
you did it
injustice to is next yeah maybe
injustice to will be not gonna wait for
it to go on sale talking YouTube count
YouTube comments here in the chat there
is there's a lotta there's a lot of heck
given to us over our in just this
playthrough - be fair but I'll take it
I'll take cuz I had a good time all
right hey you did it I just don't think
we should play through injustice - its
fuckin yeah oh I do I still want to uh
yeah we're good and then maybe after
that Marvel vs. Capcom cuz by the way
I'm Marvel vs. - I played that I played
the heck out of that and I loved Marvel
vs. Capcom because you know it's a lot
of fanservice fun fighting save fighting
game had to stop playing it as part of a
new pilot and a core as part of a peace
agreement between myself and my wife we
had to stop playing that because she is
unnaturally good at fighting games she
kicks my ass at fighting games without
even trying right and I kick her ass at
Mario Kart so we had to stop playing
Mario Kart and stop playing Marvel vs.
Capcom together you know like we can
still play them separately but we just
could not play them together as part of
as part of the the great piece of code
of whatever year that was the street
defense
unaffected by webbing and smoke
unaffected by webbing but sounds more
like a deadlock I get it she's probably
best in the fighting the punching neck
right what else does she do plus three
great defense which is fine oh okay
I mean for any of them not not having to
worry about being webbed that's huge
yeah cuz the tank can get out of that
with jumping anyway what are his bonuses
plus move and plus HP that's pretty
significant and what does she have
unlocked like is is that just the stuff
she can possibly have or is there more
to come put her in there and see what
she has right now oh yeah she's got it
right now that's pretty big
I think the other reactor that stays in
the back
he's got good skills we're keeping him
he's moving into one of the other two
mechs I'm just not sure sure plus two HP
I think they're staying right there we
got to get a room mr. Coony I'm so sorry
mr. Gunny I'm so sorry but you've you've
been you've been removed all right sub
name yep how about my name is Tate Tate
is taking over sorry mr. Gunny Tate my
name is Tate is taking over Bobby find
me another name that sounds like it
could be a last name tape take Joe kitty
take Joe kitty how about that take Jim
kitty that worked surprisingly well
Tate Joe kitty riding an epic Jason 9000
I can give her - I'd rather have the
damage well she's got just got fluffs
reactor no requires to power you have to
power to spend you can give her health
that's good she only has three health
right now one reactor gives her plus two
health
you know she has three health right now
where do you see that up up there up on
her says just three health down right
there where right there that one her
current face health is three yeah yeah
but it's like a huge base health what's
your deal man
no he that sausage toes Jonas okay
sausage toes gives him more I have to
yeah and then you have another you have
another one to give you have another
core to give I'm wondering what the best
the best move is you can get that
buildings immune that would have saved
you last time or you can add movement
because mister happy life on the history
movement listen you don't need health
until you need health you get what I'm
saying no I that's that's good that's a
good call health care was at the right
call tactical tower destroy the bot
leader that's me I'm not understanding
the things I'll have to purchase this
game you I mean it it's all I think
earlier like and I've called it and I've
heard it described as battle chess which
is you know everybody has their own
specific movements and it's all about
positioning yourself it's it's it's less
about doing damage that it is affecting
position yes
moving your enemies so they damage a
blank space instead of you what are you
or building settle down settle down rich
of the over damage it is if if you are a
fan of simple strategy games it's it's a
good one
what did you do
gobbledygook says hey guys are you two
looking for a beat-em-up fighting style
that's based on a popular popular
superheroes not really no I'm playing
dishonored right now okay well if we are
fuck those guys who said you suck on
injustice you guys are wait wait oh no
so if you are looking for a beat-em-up
fighting style game that's based on
popular superheroes you're in luck
there's a game on the ps4 oh shit
I fell I fell for it I had actually
forgotten about this the DC Universe
Online yeah I had legitimate ly
forgotten about this and I hadn't read
the rest of your comments comedy cooks I
feel had I feel betrayed betrayed know
what that's pretty sure that's a pretty
severe disappear that was those
exaggeration but I did not see a DC
Universe Online it's free I
yeah anonymous says hey guys I just
wanted to let you know my thoughts on
the Jackass films our thoughts on the
Jackass films and TV show also fucked
those guys who said you suck on
injustice
you guys are awesome when I love those
dreams keep playing any thoughts on
jackass no I'm sorry you people keep
asking me about things I don't give a
shit about that's fair that's fair I in
general I'm very uncomfortable with
pranks yeah yeah
I am I I don't I don't like pranks I all
I can think about is the person being
pranked my empathy centers are a little
too active and and it fills me with
stress and then the other part of
jackasses them doing bodily harm to
themselves and I just don't care like
yeah if someone's gonna be a dumbass
like that I don't care for the story
but like watching people get pranked
fills me with anxiety so I don't much
care for that
I don't know if I've ever been like if
I've ever gotten pranked in a bad way
it's just I can just all I think about
is you know the people they're pranking
and how much of their life like you know
what's that like going through a lot of
times it's just fake I mean oh it could
be but it still may it still fills me
with anxiety what made me give up the
beard the same thing that does it every
time it gets itchy and I think about
eating gave it up felt good it's it's I
feel like you you guys are gonna have a
new job chat which is if I ever say I
think I'm gonna grow up my beard again
you're gonna remind me not to do that
just because I always I always will
shave it actually I was a last week
Thursday the wife and I her birthday was
a few months ago and for her birthday I
got her tickets to go see wait wait
don't tell me the NPR news quiz show
which tapes live in Chicago Thursday
nights we're but we're both big fans of
the shows and you know we listen to it
every week and I was like oh what a fun
birthday present don't mean to name drop
but miss Paula Poundstone was there it
was kind of a big deal it was great it
was like the greatest time so we went to
a live taping of wait wait don't tell me
you can if you listened to the show last
week's episode you can probably hear me
cackling in it you're the only one
allowed to cackle I have a fairly a
fairly distinct cackle but in any case
so I thought it would be fun if we took
the train down to Chicago bummed around
for a little bit got dinner then went to
go see you wait wait don't tell me and
actually on
the train down to Chicago is when I
realized I hated my beard and it was
such an upsetting experience where I was
like oh my god I need to shave my beard
and mediately cuz we were gonna go out
to dinner to like a nicer restaurant and
then I started thinking about eating
eating food with my beard and I needed
to shave it immediately and luckily we
had more than a couple hours to kill
before our dinner reservations and so I
actually I I I found a barber shop to
give me a shave in Chicago and I got a
straight razor shave it was very nice
they put a little hot towel on your face
got a nice straight razor shave just no
I'm just telling the story back and and
I shaved it before dinner in Chicago
when went to a nice dinner and then got
to see Peter sagal which one can't kill
him no yeah one of those buildings is
fucked
so my beard is gone I'm happy that it's
gone and that was a good reminder that's
gonna remind me for at least another
year
that I hate beards and I don't want a
beard
we needed a place called Cindy's which
was a very nice restaurant it was like a
rooftop restaurant that overlooks
what's that Park like right on the lake
next to the Shedd Aquarium what the park
right next to the lake right on downtown
at Grant Park is that right next to the
shed I think it's that big could be
where you could be the shed that might
be Millennium Park maybe no any
important the one that's got the fancy
big faces with the water fountains and
the beam may be yeah yeah yeah that's
that's Millennium Park okay so we added
a restaurant called Cindy's and it was
on a rooftop that actually overlooks
Millennium Park and it was very nice it
was a very nice meal and
here's my I can either okay do some good
damage on the boss monster or I could
eliminate flat-out eliminate what are
the other guys do you think if you don't
do good damage on the boss monster will
you be able to defeat him later because
that's a star right there destroying no
leader I know yeah
I can't save I can't save this building
that buildings fucked I never I'd have
to be here in front of him to hit him
down I can't do that
right but I can make it hurt all right
take it
saber-tooth Nishio brought you don't
have our permission for your wife's sake
put on something else man she'll
appreciate it did he get a shield - yeah
I'll deal with that next turn
we're gonna see how it looks though what
I will say as far as beard is concerned
as my beard was around my beard at its
height was we'll be in a video so I'm
I'm interested to see how that looks how
that comes across or when it will be out
Oh heels - well shit oh shit
well fuck well wait wait you can
probably you can probably knock them
into the wall really Shh
you might be able to knock them into the
water there's no
and kill him instantly right I think
you're right I think you're right jack
thank you thank you that's that was good
no no yep nope no ah it was an act that
was bad that well you should have done
the math before committing you can reset
the turn though that was that was bad
plenty okay let's plan B six oh wait
were you trying to move them knock him
into that water all right
and then we lose a building yeah yeah
that's calculated calculated
damn it jack oh it's fine he still
killed the boss it's fine everything's
fine
I don't want self-destruct
hey Karen's in the jet hi Karen
and hurting yourself but that sounds
like a terrible weapon why would I ever
want that right
don't you have a pilot to donate to if
you want to
sorry yes Karen it's my fault the stream
is running late because I ran late but
you want to explain that you were how
old late was Jack who's Jack I was like
an hour and a half late I'm sorry I'm so
strike try to try to know I said I'd be
here it's okay okay never mind I was
thinking we normally start a little bit
earlier no like already we were starting
later than normal but I had advertised
that we were starting later than normal
then I showed up even later because
you're a prick I'm sorry care big issue
because you are a fucking prick Jack was
in Chicago getting shaved by a stranger
right do it live it live it man you're
going damage I might I'm thinking about
it shit about it see with one more
movement square you could have saved
that building that's right with this
mech huh
with this mech yes yeah if he had one
more movement square you could have
saved that building and killed the Big
Daddy
all dissolves in I got shaved by a yak
don't that's enough don't don't whack a
yak what what book is that I don't even
know what the fuck you're talking about
there's that there's a there's a weirdo
children's book that my kids insisted on
me reading every single night and it's
called something like um
don't whack a yak or something hold on
it's a it's a weirdo book where a witch
tells a guy to go like get a yak and
kill him but he ended up not killing a
yak oh man I need to find I need to find
this book it's in our house somewhere
and and it's it's so it's a book of
where I like a witch tells a man like in
order to save his son he needs to go
kill a yak and he goes across the
mountains and through the woods and like
he finds a yak and decides he doesn't
want to kill but the yak and so he
brings the yak back to his house and the
Yak ends up like giving him yak milk and
yak butter and that saves don't track it
yak that's what it is Geno swabiz I go
to go track a yak it's the strangest
children's book you will ever fucking
read you people are all crazy it's so
great no this book is crazy rich good
tracker yak I used to dices read it to
them in a voice that they loved so I go
to the final island three done yeah you
could it's getting late you're pretty
powerful I'm gonna end it go track a yak
named in his book finish it rich finish
it
that's high Beria's you know we can't
you know we can't even start with that
that's a whole thing man
that's just a whole thing
you know what'll happen yeah I'm sorry
what
then it's not that funny laughs yeah
okay was already sex uh yeah ish this
stuff you can do there's lots of options
here Wow that's options
yeah you got this rich they are saying
if you kill the mountain on e4 huh
you get the pilot from FTL really that's
this is what some random person in chat
is saying and I do not know if that is
true I cannot confirm nor deny that
there is a pilot hidden in the mountain
a thief also there's there's a mountain
on f4 not efore but uh so I assume
you're talking about the mountain not
ever before I mean the big mountain back
probably not because it would it's
nowhere near what that's nowhere near
you for I don't know I don't know man
there is a mountain on f4 if you feel
like getting crazy with it it's all I'm
saying oh she's going on the drink next
church that's good d yeah fuck him and
his monster spewing nonsense
oh my god there's so much going on right
now oh my god oh my god um fuck yep fuck
fuck yeah that's just one of those
situations where if rich did end up
having like a free turn he could do that
but that won't be his priority but we
know it's there now this is just this
one map the end have you never been to
the end before no I've been playing
Dishonored do you oh that's right do you
want me to tell you yeah there is a
second map after you beat this map there
there is a second map after this map
you you fall through the ground here and
then they send a bomb down and you have
to do the second stage while also
protecting a bomb going on him yeah yeah
but this is totally doable you can
figure this out man no no that would you
die he's on the ride that was almost a
huge fuckup
yeah not just a minor one but a huge
fuckup all right so I think of grids
going by back of r1 well you could have
done the same thing by just moving him
forward one moving him to to where
you're puncher guy is now because you
just need one space in order to do your
long-range
now we've saved saved all the grits did
it you did it rich okay yeah this ending
is a little disappointing if it's just
this and one other map yeah the the the
second one is a little harder I hope
it's a lot harder or this is
disappointed we'll see how you fare
we will see how you fare gobbly book
cook says what did you say earlier Jack
about yaks I was talking about the book
go track a yak a children's book that I
read often to my kids when they were
growing up then I just thought about
because it's so fucking weird it's about
a witch who convinces a man to go track
and hunt and kill a yak
it's very strange book so anyway here's
a crazy tick tip to discuss a stupid
Ninja Turtle role-playing game ideas if
there was a what if there was a universe
where the Foot Clan was made to cover up
Big Foot what are you smoking
gobbledygook man like you got it you got
to check to make sure your pot isn't
laced with something you know that's
your career crazy person
Oh God
a single whatever it's off it's all fun
I mean at this point you might just want
to unlock that pilot cuz you're probably
not gonna make it this pilot is unlocked
no the one in the mountain is what I was
talking about I used to I used to sure
about that I don't know someone someone
random we said it in chat do I think
you're going to beat the game
I'm skeptical because you only have two
PowerGrid left oh wait and the person in
chat says I goof to no pilot so never
mind
they said they goofed don't go for the
pilot it's not there
damn right I'm going I'm going to
predict if I have to predict chat how I
think rich is gonna do I don't think
he's gonna make it this room but I have
been wrong before
rich can prove me wrong Jack I'm not
doubting your abilities why are you
being such an asshole tonight I'm not
doubting your ability I just want to
know why you are being such a fucking
asshole tonight it's cuz like you know
I'm just trying to balance you seem to
be you know taking your time and
enjoying the game I feel like there
needs to be some asshole somewhere and
I'm just remember you're doing it you're
doing it Jack you're doing it I'm doing
it baby I feel like we need we need some
stakes to this and not now for what
basically I'm here here was what I was
really hoping for rich I like I want you
to have someone to prove wrong I want
you to reach down in there and have
someone to prove
three as a lot of damage do it to the
Mex heel in the next map I don't
remember
I'm going to say no I'm going to say no
they don't but I don't actually remember
wait I just need to survive I I just
need to survive I just notice this is
the victory twelve
that that fuck just jumping that's great
that's great let's see how they all
healed up now were they damaged at all
one of them had I think two damaged
let's see let's see if they he on
between they do they do heal in between
five charts five turns so if if your
bomb gets destroyed they send out
another bob and bomb and I want to say
it adds an additional like three turns
to the counter is what I remember
iron man good
oh man that's gonna kill big one too
that's really good
sometimes you get lucky like that
that's great
Jack needs to beat save the president no
I have nothing explode when it dies I
gotta cause control hover over it why
did shouldn't her that wouldn't make any
sense
it's fine okay oh my god you are so
lucky it's the first time that's
happened all fucking night you say I'm
lucky that would have ended the room you
would have just lost there I'm saying
that was very lucky wasn't it
that
Murph is less of us so yeah there's a
lot of shit going down in here there's a
lot going on
what are my thoughts on brigitte dee how
do i forget how to pronounce her name
I'm very excited about Bridget or
bruschetta however the hell you're
supposed to pronounce her name the the
new character in overwatch she looks
amazing part heavy heart healing support
class those are the two classes I play
the most is healing support and heavy
and so I get on Vegas I am going to be a
bit of heap domaine that moved you
resist it again that's pretty good
that's pretty good actually
reason well other than the vow that
resist I didn't know I couldn't move him
okay all right we're done that's a good
run
that's a good run there bitch we're day
we're done okay great that's great so
now is the time in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much likes to pocalypse who has
subscribed to us for 17 months in a row
who says 17 glorious months thank you
for all the laughter and joy your
problem no problem thank you
blinky ye wave w AI Thank You ye that's
perfect that's perfect
say it like that every single time no
okay venture 82 Livan for 18 months in a
row incandescent cactus zombie that's a
penny for 17 months in a row chrono
edged walrus to the brush wise andis
says what do you call cheese by itself
provolone
I'm not bad oh my god
that's pretty good that's pretty good
MIT yeah one who says two whole months
it went by so fast by the way thanks to
you guys I got doom and I bought this
game so I could get FTL for free
I figured one day I'll beat FTL and
eventually go play this doom it up yes
this is definitely easier
what that's worth I I think overall
that's true I don't know if I'd count
that as a negative but I do agree that
overall it is true okay okay
like definitely like the easy version of
this game is crazy easy okay which is
fine because it's easy even though the
easy version of FTL is what I would
consider to be normal art some people
some people would consider FTL easy to
be hard yes and FTL normal is hard and
so this easy is easy normal is normal
who knows about hard but turning the
chat says that joke was pretty Gouda do
you think we're gonna get matzah more
jokes are you ruined it I tried you
fucking ruined it I tried matzah matzah
like a lot sir but matzah that's all I
got but if you just say matzah then it's
kind of like matzo ball soup and not
like mozzarella say I'd say I'm salty
about you ruining the cheese jokes but
really I'm more pepperjack
