Jan 24, 2018
Iconoclasts, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/222100427
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/222102318
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_LUYzBToNw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHsORQsc0nQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/956279921336311815

[Part I]
get that garbage out yep hey everybody
how we doing everybody how welcome or
on-time exhausted everything we've been
working today man we're gonna working
that's what we've been doing today
working on what you don't know we ain't
gonna tell you
they hair on time I know it's shocking
that we're on time by the way I I'm more
shocked to bet we almost done that kind
of work it's been pretty short yeah yeah
you it takes one game audio too loud I
will fix it
about that how do you feel about that
how do you feel about the game audion
now how I choose the wrong movie I know
oh hey how's everyone doing today stream
time now right oh god what's what's up
Jack what are you playing I'm playing
iconoclasts which is a game I I know
very little about except for that it has
a wonderful art style and it looks to be
a 2d side-scrolling platformer and I've
heard a small amount of buzz about the
game a small amount of buzz and so it
looked like a nice game that I could
play in the background whilst we chat
about stuff not took a level buzz
subnautica it has subnautica level buzz
subnautica is a game I am thoroughly
uninterested in though because I don't
much care for survival you're presuming
you're presuming it's a survival game
but the trailers didn't tell us much it
looks like a survival game ok it looks
like the kind of game where you got a
little base underwater and you got to
explore and collect some resources to
build a bigger base so you can go out
further to collect different things so
you can build a bigger base so you can
go out and further and explore and
collect more things so you can build a
bigger base so you can go out further so
you can build a bigger base and collect
more things that's exactly the kind of
game it sounds like and that's the kind
of game that I don't much
therefore that's exactly what it's great
great then you know that's that's not my
thing there are very few survival games
that I can stand one of them is the
flame and the or the flame in the flood
yep
that's a survival game I really enjoy
because you're constantly moving it's
never about like like I hate the idea of
building a base I don't want that I
don't want that in the game I don't want
to hunker down you know in a survival
game I want to keep them moving so I
really like the flame in the flood
because they keep you moving so rich
coming around does he still hate anime
umm I'm not playing this is this and I
mean I'm not even sure if this is anime
if that's what you're referring to
someone I said but what if subnautica
keeps you moving that'd be nice I like
the idea keep it moving shoot you guys
shoot and we got jump so far I like the
idea of keeping moving that's that's
what I like and if subnautica does that
then I am wrong about my initial
feelings of subnautica but which I can
take I can take being wrong that what
I'm what I'm stating is my impressions
of the game and so if my impressions
were wrong really that's just bad
advertising you know your impressions
you've seen two trailers yeah and some
stealing one of which showed a little
bit of gameplay and still images yeah
yeah two trailers and a couple still
images and and either either I don't
know what the games about or they mange
the trailer get a bad job right or I
dunno what the games about and I won't
like it
yes that's been asked to be here for
know them you know since I've been
playing the Dead Rising game you have
Miller with state of decay what Sam what
is state of decay that's uh this is not
me open world survival game survival
focus though oh okay more so than just
running around wacky combat you sneak
around you look for supplies you have a
home baby she can bring supplies back to
the face you've got a food your ferrets
tired
oh it's tired you have to switch to
another character oh sure it feels like
there needs to be a little bit more to
it I felt something lacking I played it
I didn't hate it I liked it okay okay I
have played it though like years ago and
it was just what I was like it was only
out I'm like the Xbox 360 oh okay okay
and so like overall what it what are you
feeling middling towards it or middling
to good
middling to good yeah Oh was rich played
dying light hey I saw a little bit of
gameplay of dying light and I I just
wasn't super sold
also yeah heads up to everybody
yeah probably sometime within the next
week maybe two weeks probably within the
next week or so there might be a
surprise rich Evan solo stream oh haha I
know that oh yeah surprised to pretend
like I'm surprised for everyone else you
know I feel like I've gotten enough
practicing
it's Dead Rising 2 so you know didn't
take that much yeah fun game fun game
but nowhere near as challenging you're
feeling ok you're feeling confident I'm
feeling confident so I so this is this
is the no death rum yeah or are you
going for a hundred percent wrong well
I'll try ever I never spend but if I
fuck up I'll just go for it my back okay
so like objective I guess somebody if
somebody dies which Dead Rising 2
survivors not gonna die in during an
escort they nerfed it's so fucking much
but I keep going sure okay but objective
a is no dying yeah objective B is try so
but what dying I don't also like it the
main story yeah hit all you finishes the
main story not failed the main story
okay so that's that's that's that's kind
of the first goal even if that save
everybody then after that save everybody
and do all their little the fugue like
character requests little save them the
journey they in game day later they come
to you I need this gosh and then you do
that tell me this yeah tell me this cuz
I got a I got a I got an important
question for your know death run yeah
what happens if you die that's over
terms over the streams over no matter no
matter what or when you die well if if I
die really comically released somehow
that's when you're most likely to die
when you when you're at as well level
yeah if I'm really early I'll probably
just restore okay but if it's if it's
late but then you then you have to
restart as well yeah
if I die early I'll start again just
because I want to mm-hmm sure I'm gonna
streaming for 20 minutes the tiger that
gets a lucky shot in on me oh there's
there's three survivors I'm worried
about because it's it's really luck
there's there's three survivors in Dead
Rising 2 okay uh they don't they don't
join you and come to the safe house
unless you beat them in a poker match
odd to play poker with them that's great
there's there's things you can do to
manipulate gambling books that give you
better cards in general okay but I can
still like go all in and just get
unlucky yeah and lose that oh man so
that's that's that's a possibility
we can help you with poker yeah you
don't need to
I like the poker I didn't I didn't start
playing Dead Rising 3 oh my god yeah
that my god good there's literally
giving me a headache
that bad like like just just stupid
things they did like camera positioning
ok like there are times when your
character the way they have the camera
position takes up like thirty percent of
the screen and I can't see what's in
front of the fucking character because I
can't see through it
Oh have no idea what's in front of em
seeing some jackass is back and they
thought it would be really dramatic if
like oh Sh a key handheld cam all the
fucking time and it makes me want to
throw up I looked around I looked for a
mod to try and get rid of it I don't
think it got rid of it completely it's
still a little bit shaky Steadicam mod
Oh stupid fucking decisions they made
when they made that game the icons that
appear over the objects that you can
interact with or the effect is too
subtle it's like sometimes it's just
hard to see what you can use
and the map
Oh God the map is just a confusing
clusterfuck of shit
Shetty Shetty keeps crashing on the
laptop its Gemma driving nuts
well I'm sorry there might be like for
each at ease opens which doesn't help Oh
our cameras frozen sure is we still got
an audio ah looks like it okay is the no
this game still moving yeah
that works
give it a second and it's working great
the old turn it off turn it back on
again you're welcome you're welcome
everyone this one whack you lap that
listen it's not the best laptop it is
not the best laptop okay so in this land
mechanics you can't be a mechanic you
can't be a mechanic no because your
character is a woman be good know all
mechanics are against the government the
government has to fix your problems okay
that's what it is and your father was a
mechanic and started fixing people's
stuff without government consent
government bad government bad
oh and it sounds like the government
assigns you assigns everyone a job so
it's it's like that kind of yeah
what do you call that kind of government
that controls all aspects of its
citizens fascist is the word you're
looking for
no it's or Willian uh maybe Orwellian
yeah that's could be good authoritarian
or Jarrett and the a fuckin the H has it
authoritarian maybe it's just a leo
earlier you know it's one of those
aliens tipped a latarian it's Italian
air today totalitarian right all right
daddy it's cool crash to go great I'm
just gonna twitch
so yeah it looks like the the government
is accusing you of fixing things even
though oh by the way it Dead Rising 3
the game does have a timer dead rise oh
that's right you were talking about Dead
Rising 3 I just I just here's the time
we're in bed right here's the the
stupidity of Dead Rising 3 alright ok I
I was playing for like 4 hours last
night mm-hmm and I realized like you
know there's a 7-day timer in the game
day one's not even over I'm already
halfway through the fucking story oh my
god so what are you halfway through the
story just four hours in oh my god
that's what's fucking around right right
a lot of fucking around without even
paying attention to the time right
this should have pattered the game with
more side missions now they patted the
game Dead Rising 3 he's got just
collectable bullshit all over the place
the worst the fucking worst sandbox
trope of all time they got rid of Oded
risings horrible escort missions and
they replaced it with find the crap Oh
collect all the stats use collect all
the blueprint
it's nauseous it's just nauseous that's
not content that's busy work I'm sorry
yeah I'm sorry RIS all right
is it working for you think so let's
give you this giant open world and it'll
be basically just fucking empty shit
Dead Rising 3 a lot of open world games
largest Dead Rising through a lot of
open world games you know I suppose
there's there's a reason why there's
like the good ones right the good
open-world games give you something to
do you collect all the Riddler trophies
and the Arkham games I know I did the
first one I don't remember if I bothered
in city or not or if I just looked up
online on YouTube what happens if you do
it because it's the worst thing collect
the 400 things
oh those Riddler trophies yeah they were
too much and let me say I don't know
what your point is exactly person in
chat but if your point is well did you
do it in Arkham City to see the Riddler
thing that wouldn't make it a good
gameplay mechanic that would mean I did
it because I wanted to see what the
Riddler think what happened with the
Riddler right that wouldn't necessarily
mean it was a good idea to do it the
first place
oh if even even if you even if your
reward is worth it like yeah you know
sure it was a slog but the reward of
seeing the Riddler thing was worth it
it's still a slog that that kind of shit
is all padding mm-hmm yeah you could
just have an interesting Riddler story
section without having hiding it behind
400 Riddler trophies right
or the arkham knight true ending
bullshit I don't even remember what what
what the hell involved honestly what you
had to do to get the true ending in
Arkham Knight yeah I don't know well
Wayne Manor blows up the spoilers
whatever
ah what the fuck
stop it take that here oh yeah well I
think actually didn't you have to
complete all the missions so that
includes regular missions I don't I
don't really just I just don't remember
I just don't remember I think so I think
you didn't get the true ending unless
you completed all the Riddler stuff
still haven't played Arkham Knight
having love for the others you're not
you're not missing that much it's fine
it's storytelling all the Arkham games
are but the Batmobile is the worst thing
and they dumb down other aspects of the
game they love that Batmobile red shoe
besides Batman and Superman is your
favorite superhero well it's neither of
them or my favorite anyway their
favorite is spider-man
so they're yeah second
favorite obscure superhero well Savage
Dragon though apparently Erik Larson's
gotten here in recent years I don't know
I haven't I haven't been in a comic book
store in a while I just hear things
there was a there was a series of comic
books put out by Marvel Marvel tried to
create another comic book universe yeah
not the Marvel Universe the new the
eighties new universe with a slew of
brand new heroes all gritty and
realistic all you know dirty dirty
heroes dirty mutants right and growing
up I had one issue of a comic called
justice and as far as I was concerned it
was the greatest fucking comic book ever
it was just like this this it was this
like almost a Wolverine type guy right
yeah just like an old bitter man and he
had he had two powers with with one of
his hands he could create invisible
impenetrable shields and his other hand
was his sword and he could you know is
like a laser villain or whatever right
shield Sora and he was tasked with
bringing in anyone who had powers he was
like the cop of everyone with powers but
he was like also a transient and so you
just like hitchhike from city to city I
was like ah that's cool yeah I was a
teenager I don't know I still think it's
cool and he just he goes up against
someone who is using their powers to
start a new religion and forcing his
followers to do bad things he just takes
him out it's awesome great comic book
and I only had this one issue of justice
right and I couldn't find any more
issues this is you know before the
internet was a thing like you couldn't
buy comics online and yeah my local
comic book stores didn't have my my mom
got it for me at a secondhand store in
Reno it was a secondhand and it was
there
you know what to look for no no she just
got me a stack of like comics for a buck
I'm sure it was like eighty comics for a
buck wasn't there and that was in there
and like that a bunch of the new
universe stuff is cuz it didn't sell oh
yeah it was all garbage right and so you
know I read that and I loved it I kept
looking for more issues and I never got
fine I was like oh man what this is such
a cool character I loved the idea of
like the police of the powered people
but he's also like just a schlub
detective like I gotta go
you know wrangling The Rocketeer tonight
and I finally as an adult purchased the
entire run of like 50 comics yeah for
way cheap I was like okay this must suck
and the intent like the entire thing
actually started off on a different
planet he was a different person he was
like a prince he didn't have his power
set and then he fell to earth forgotten
who he was but then they kind of forgot
that he was a prince and like basically
the comic it's like a wildly different
description wildly different directions
and then like even the issues directly
before and after this one awesome one
are terrible and they go back to him
being a prince and aliens come so
basically like just this sliver this one
sliver of a comic book
amongst a sea of garbage I still have
very fond memories reboot reboot it is
time Marvel and your reboot and
everything else
give me my justice
on the shad mentioned the original Ninja
Turtle comic books and amongst my
favorite comic books ever the the Kevin
Love you had Peter Kairos get their
names of course Kevin Eastman Peter if
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman original
digital comic books uh-huh amongst my
favorite comic books ever yeah and you
know I don't know if I ever read the
original run no no it's just Ninja
Turtles I've read did you like the Ninja
Turtle live-action movies all right the
first one first one was a lot like the
comics actually second one not so much
haha youyou mean it went downhill when
they brought in vanilla ice yeah and and
started hitting people with yo-yos and
salami same thing it's the same thing I
don't know what you're talking about the
original one they went from decapitating
the shredder in the comic books to
hitting people with salami in the movies
oh I don't understand the problem I
don't understand what your problem is
everyone likes salami
yeah that first one is actually like
shocking a shockingly dark movie those
like phenomics
less violent that's the major difference
that being said the first one isn't
perfect the first one could use I could
use I could use some could use some work
Sean says Sean said Nautica is super fun
if possibly not for you the constant
threat of drowning if you stop to smell
the water roses keeps things going for
water roses Josey they don't are Jonesy
they don't says good evening rich and
Jack I have either of you heard of a
switch / PC game steamworld dig - it is
a Metroidvania spelunky time that take
that has taken up a lot of my time I
think you would both enjoy didn't you
play steamworld dig I played steam world
heist okay is that related to dig or is
just a similar name I believe it's
created by the same people same universe
different very different game very
different genres steamworld dig I
remember we played um terraria yeah
where I think steamworld dig is like
that where you have to like dig and find
resources to upgrade your stuff and
create you know a space so you can make
better weapons so you can dig more so
you can get more resources so you can
dig more so you can make more things so
you can dig more Luke 10 I'm sure it's a
fine game but I've got to play my I got
to spend my free time right now playing
the shitty dead wise on three you have
to that's have to that's the thing how
FAR's Inamori I'm already half done with
it the fragment is well finished now
asacs suck the people who made three and
four just hated the series oh it is just
pop it doubles on me this is dumb fun
just don't fuck you for Robbie no the
original games were a lot more than that
I know stupid people thought otherwise
why don't I get all this other stuff I
just want to run around hit zombie
you're on the game for me you jerks you
ruined the series jerks
how much TMNT 1 an indie movie cuz I
think he's been alleged ill had the
rights I think than they have it made no
that might have been a major really I
mean it was a major release was who look
it up the first one specifically of
course of course
one moment please
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
1990 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles let's
see rich tells Jack looking up even
though he has lab you know what you're
absolutely right and I feel bad I wasn't
even thinking you do and you're the one
playing the game you would I I wasn't
even thinking that's great apparently
according to trivia Rodham Robin
Williams who was a big fan of the
franchise provided Judith Hoag with
information regarding her character
through his comic book collection the
two were co-starring in Cadillac man
come on it's not giving me information
easily to find okay okay don't worry
about it okay I don't you know what I
don't care enough they actually look it
up myself I just don't care enough
I don't know I mean I don't know if
indie movies the right is a is the right
was that I'm trying to say a new oves
new line and Golden Harvest new - you
know indie ish Haggard blaggard says the
xenomorph lacks vision you feeble-minded
bipolar weighted dunces callback fancy
callback and I'm says oMG no nominations
for Wonder Woman but trash like the last
Jedi gets for sexist hashtag shut down
the Oscars that sounds like a fine
conversation that I'm not going to have
magical Trevor 37 says you know what I
did there's a small thing I would like
to yeah yeah you know I liked Wonder
Woman
yeah a lot I don't know if anything was
necessarily oscar-worthy seems true for
the last Jedi not even special-effects
was Oh gorgeous
music you know what you know what I
think I don't know if it's nominated for
I think it should get in cinematography
it got nominated for score I heard it's
what if John Williams worst what you
know I'll fuckin oldest eat right but
did it get nominated for cinematography
I heard I heard like effects something
or other and scores all I know effects
and score
nope baby driver is gonna win for best
editing and called it ages ago effects
and sound mixing Oh sound mixing
yeah they had good like sound design and
mix it yeah yeah that's fine
so like it wasn't nominated for like
Best Picture technical Awards Star Wars
gets technical words that's what it gets
guardians to got nominated for effects
it deserves it over the last Jedi just
the visuals in that and whatever
whatever alright now we can move on it's
a follow up to Star Trek beyond dead
yeah cuz beyond made no money the JJ vs.
dead yeah unfortunately unfortunately
which is a shame because beyond is a
great movie
beyond is a great Star Trek movie did go
I would stop short of saying like one of
the greatest the greatest it's great
it's ever that's good oh yes not one of
the greatest ever but it's no it's great
that's a fun movie that's it that's the
movie I could just turn on and watch at
any time there might be four other Star
Trek movies I'd put above it oh okay
Wrath of Khan yeah
undiscovered country yeah I'm a fan of
the motion picture I know a lot of other
people aren't if as long as as long as
I'm here's here's depend depending on
where I put the motion picture is do you
allow me to fast-forward Kirk getting to
the enterprise that 45 minutes segment
the 45 minutes it takes Kirk to fly in
the shuttle to the enterprise it's
nothing but glory shots yeah can i
fast-forward that because if i can it's
a movie i enjoy much more then and then
maybe the voyage home you know it's kind
of a gimmick but is a fun gimmick
Fionn and then beyond and maybe JJ
dragon I'd put beyond even like above JJ
track definitely both in the dark oh and
ER because near the bottom yeah
should I keep going and then maybe maybe
after Beyond and onine then maybe
insurrection it's been a while since I
saw Star Trek 3 so I'll just throw that
in there there just don't really
remember
just cuz why not what are you missing at
that point question is this 5 go below
the rest of the next general Rhys if I
was pretty bad I don't know I don't know
like if I could put just in good
conscience put anything below the next
gen movies first contact I hate first
contact I despise it it's it's it let's
take Star Trek and let's take these
characters and just make a dumb action
story let's ruin the card let's ruin the
Borg
there's there's nothing I like about
first contact I put nemesis above first
contact five is hazy enough in my memory
I'm not sure where to put it
Star Trek 5 if it belongs on the bottom
or not but I can tell you the next gen
movies insurrection way above the rest
okay then nemesis I'm not even I'm not
even sure if I put first contact above
generations yeah and like at that point
it's it's it's just a big old why bother
yeah yeah above it let's why bother
doing like ranking these in any you're
waiting through the shit at that point
right and so then you're just like well
what shit smells slightly less bad you
know it's not a game for me
what'd he do him game magic Trevor 37
says J&R; no Jack and rich a girl I went
on a fun date with over the weekend
decided to cut ties to me today over a
dumb misunderstanding glad you're here
to help cushion the blow
thanks for the stream represent Oh per
spent per spent I don't know what that
means at a glance I thought it was
represent but it looks like her spend
less let's just take represent I'll take
represent you know I'm sorry someone had
a misunderstanding obviously it was a
big enough deal though Brian crew says
hey Richie Jack have you ever watched
Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda it's corny
as hell but still better than Star Trek
discovery free on Amazon Prime
yeah I've never seen it neither neither
have I
nor have I care to to be honest with you
quite ready to let me leave that area I
need to do did I get one is rich going
to play dr2 sometime in the next week or
two I am I am way too fucking wiped out
to do it today yeah you know we are
there were there were some there were
some stuff going down today there's Jack
did you see last night's black Lightman
I did I did see last night's black
lightning and I enjoyed it I it's a so
far so good I'm actually the thing I'm
just running out of patience with the
most is his lightning powers yeah which
kind of seemed to be vague and undefined
what they can do and he's pulling the
same trick a lot so I want you know a
little bit more explanation that but no
I I dig the I dig the premise he's kind
of getting back into crime-fighting
after being out of it for so long
he's motivation to get back into it okay
so he was a crime fighter yes back in
the day yes and you know just beating up
bad dudes but then he got married yes
and he had a really bad run-in with like
the main bad dude and you know ended up
all shot full of holes and his was like
he can't keep doing this you either got
to give up a life of crime or I'm out of
here
it's a life of crime fighting it's kind
of like spider-girl I'm just got a Peter
Parker in spider-girl
yeah yeah lost his leg we stopped
superheroing well you lose away well mr.
fantastic it's got a kid on the way
we're gonna hang up the tights but but
also could you still build me a robot
leg like I'll hang up the tights but yes
I would love a robotic leg then then you
gotta explain to people where you got a
robotic leg
well maybe make it look like a
prosthetic leg you're mr. fantastic you
can do that make it look like an
ordinary prosthetic leg but it works
great so in any case so he gives it up
and starts a family and then we get into
that interesting conversation of he
becomes a principal at a local high
school and and he wants to help people
from within the system
I'm gonna give him a great education I'm
gonna become a pillar of the community
and I'm gonna do more as me then as
black lightning you know to help the
community but it doesn't really work to
minute you know why too many compromises
too many laws in the way the cops are
helpless and so it's not really working
right and then he's finally pushed over
the edge when the gang the 100 as
they're called in Black Lightning yeah
they steal the kidnap his daughters done
Ton Ton and so he's got to Don the suit
again to get his girls back why are they
kidnapping his daughters there's a whole
thing one of us is it retired and not an
issue oh yeah no it's not because it's
black lightning starters that it's
completely UNRWA's like at a club and
hooking up with some guy and as it turns
out the guy was in the 100 but the guy
owed another guy in the gang some money
this is like let's just take your girl
and we'll start her hooking she'll give
us oh my god she's like well I just met
him and they're like you're gonna hook
now Biddy yeah see Debbie show so yeah
this whole this whole thing having
nothing to do with him being black
lightning his girls get involved so he's
got it down the suit just once to save
his girls but then
it's just like well hot why did Black
Lightning just save these two and he's
not safe whenever anyone else and he's
like what are you as principle man what
are you talking about we've done a
really great job of cleaning up this
community blind man they're everywhere
the gangs everywhere so he's getting
back into it and it's a lot of fun you
know it's so the message of the show is
you can't do any good as a principal to
improve people's lives you need to run
around punching people
I point this out what cuz what they're
actually saying I I think I think the
metaphor is more like sometimes you have
to you know you can't just say things
are gonna get better you need to do
something to make things better I get
that they want people to be activists
they want they want this this sounds
like a show funded by policemen who have
been accused of shooting unarmed black
men hold on for a second oh no I'm so
yeah it's I guess that's a little
muddled but no it's fine it's all fine
fuck you
I have the map yeah can I have a map nah
I'm just gonna sleep in your bed don't
worry
Haggard blaggard says hey guys do you
think there is a case to be made that
the card had the easiest captaincy
stable relations and competent first
leads to a pretty cushy position who had
it worse Cisco Archer you know I'm
throwing Janeway on that list Oh someone
trapped in the fucking Delta Quadrant
with a group of rebels as half of her
crew unless a if the card looked like he
had it the easiest maybe that's because
he was the best captain he fucking made
it you know those you know those you
know those competent crew members that
Picard had what do you think selected
them to beyond the crew and who do you
who do you think who do you think they
learned from the fucking captain some
sometimes as a leader it's your job to
be calm under pressure you know to be
the guiding light yeah the shit was hard
though he just kept his shit together
thanks Picard for keeping your shit
together
so did mcard and she was Berkeley
there's a line about that where they
said the other the other captain the
other ship had it he was highly
recommended because they were just
trying to get rid of Berkeley so yes yes
he did and you know what card made that
situation work okay Picard took Berkeley
and made him into a fine crew member
card is the best Captain Picard is the
best captain is the more on the story
the guy that the other ship couldn't
handle I wanted to get rid of car turned
that situation around
mmm-hmm give him something yes broccoli
acetic oh stop calling him talk
Cisco punches queue and the goddamn face
ten of ten yeah arguably really stupid
though because what does Q care if he
gets punched in the face he was he was
glad he was able to provoke Cisco into
it
q1 that situation he was amused at how
easy it was right right
and what did what did Picard ever do
with Q oh I don't know save humanity if
you remember oh just go punch him in the
face
get it together people I remember one
Picard one not such a shadow this Borg's
with a tommy gun yeah I remember that
this is why this is why the next-gen
movies don't count
isn't Q's response something like you
punched me card never punched me and
then Cisco says I'm not the card you got
a remember cues follow up line is yeah
Picard I couldn't have a goat into
Picard that easily is the follow up line
I believe yeah and did he like what did
he gain by punching Q what did he win
the day did he drive Q off no I'm sure
it was some other shit what I have to do
where do I have to go
these are the important questions rich
which what is your favorite cue episode
you becoming human
probably Q becoming human yeah remember
when the Q continuum sentence sentence
him to be mortal yes wasn't there an
older Q and T and G that decided to
become moral to commit suicide
I think that was voyager waves are got
weird though you wanna Kevin want to
marry Janeway they had a kid together or
they didn't there's another thing that
Voyager ruined
we do we browse places like reddit or
fortune to see how your content is
received not not really like I moderate
the comments on the video but you go to
reddit or fortune to see what they're
saying a fortune no you yeah
I'm check reddit once in a blue moon
like I go to reddit I'm on reddit but I
never like skulk around the red letter
media subreddit yeah because that would
be weird
but like I'm um reddit in general it's
always weird when they cross over like
if a half in the bag episode crosses
over to a like a different subreddit
that I'm subscribed to like just in the
movies generally that's always nice well
I will look at the comments under the
YouTube videos and I'm usually horribly
left out
Oh always always yeah it's it's the
worst that one just someone who doesn't
get it
or is being like you know if someone's
being like obviously antagonistic oh my
god it's not fun you're just a dickhead
but there are some people who just
obviously don't get it like what I was
talking and I and I commented on their
comment someone left to comment on one
of our streams correcting me about how I
said Steven Moffat ruined Doctor Who
yeah I really think Steven Moffat when
when he took over and a showrunner for
Doctor Who fucking ruined it I thought a
lot of people felt that way I think a
lot of people do feel that way but then
you know the commenter tries to be
clever just go we'll actually it's so is
so funny that you say Steven Moffat
ruined Doctor Who but then also
mentioned blink as the one of the best
episodes in that snip so people should
check out to check out Doctor Who
written by Steven Moffat it's like well
yeah one you gonna have one good episode
and two he wasn't the showrunner when he
wrote blink he was just a writer he's a
fine writer don't give him the fucking
job of that that whole like will
actually fuck those guys fuck all those
guys that's what I got to say about that
I'm utterly lost and hopeless I have no
idea what I'm doing or where I'm going
or what I should do next oh these people
keep taxes Prime's as rich did you get
these at t-shirt in the mail hope to
Excel works for you also what are some
of the weirder things you guys have
gotten the mail I did get the shirt we
have it now thank you uh where's thing I
don't know I got a box full of like
little rubber hands that you're supposed
to put in your fingertips but they're
full hands yeah yeah I've got a Rosie
O'Donnell Christmas ornaments send us
whatever
I'm still waiting for a box it's just
full of $100 bills that would be awful
oh yeah worst thing they do oh man we
all we would just who says that from DB
Cooper all right take that to her feet
I want DB Cooper's money I wanted AJ
pencil says hey Jack don't know why they
cut out the audio of and whores from
your hilarious the movie is about family
and whores line on the latest best of
the worst
here's some cash to make up that editing
gaffe what is this I have no idea what
you're talking about
okay I I was fairly toasty during that
best of the worst so I don't really
remember a lot of the discussion and I I
don't know what you're talking about
obviously when we were talking about one
of the movies princess warrior maybe
okay
I don't know I don't know I did get to
drop the ball by the way something you
know now that the episodes that we can't
talk I got to drop the ball I don't I'm
thinking yeah you know but now they know
and here's what I need to tell everyone
from the top of the plane get aboard it
looks really cool I mean and I guess I
could have just gone up there and looked
at the top but I never had an excuse to
go over there cuz I've never dropped the
ball before it has this like the neatest
parallax effect going up there and just
seeing all the pegs at the different
distances it's pretty darn me I'll tell
you that
it was pretty darn me and I was pretty
happy okay so now the family is getting
into a fight I did like the payoff to
that by the way what you getting to drop
the ball and then they just yell at me
yeah that was a fine joke
that was a fine joke though you know
it's a peel back the curtain a little
bit I did have a conversation with Jay
and Mike beforehand yeah you know
throughout the bond I said I don't think
we should we have we have a running bit
here and I think like that should be the
gag you know like now let's you know we
don't want to turn it into a thing
that's like come on come on let's just
let's just let that be the gag that I
don't drop the ball like nah never mind
eridan still get to drop the ball so I
don't care oh shit I just got busted for
fixing a thing it's a it's also a
religious government okay and it's
against the religion of him to fix
things or to disobey Him or whatever so
a mechanist to reference Oh machinery is
sacred
steam steam pump machinery oh sure
splinter sect of the the oh god the the
front of hammers
the mechanist is more so technology
that's their spin on I like it
I know things happening I don't know
what's happening I think we're gonna be
a new lady now you're a new lady I think
so does the old lady got arrested the
old lady got arrested but that's the
wrench right there oh no the old lady
the old lady is sitting on the table no
no maybe I won't be the new lady where
I'm sleeping on the bed over there okay
daring escape
mata dialogue I'm losing it yeah
I'm losing it platform get platformer
games with stories and cutscenes what
the fuck is the world coming to know a
little bit of story at the beginning is
fine but yeah this you have some during
ninja gaiden pulled it off but if it's
excessive I think you can blame Naughty
Dog for this shit
no this this to me looks like like
someone who who like I just want I
wanted a deeper experience with Super
Mario Brothers 3 is that I think there's
a lot of indie developers out there like
we have the best of both worlds a deep
story driven experience and a goofy guy
jumping on dinosaurs this this game
there's a lot of dialogue just fucking
play something else if you're gonna
bitch about it
oh we can play this sumbitch about it
hahaha we do should we what we like
all right I get it I think
which Star Trek series would you say the
or Veloz most think TNG like a mile yep
it's TNG a with a dash of the original
series and jokes and jokes out of place
jokes wait I have someone else my party
now how do I switch who I am no Fargo no
oh my God look at her creepy doll I on
top right right
but hey you're talking about okay that
is not a human being it's a twist kind
of a she's a robot
I had Seth MacFarlane
well I still hate the Orval yes I think
you might get over it I ate something
fried in Haiti Orval to be fair I've
only made it three four episodes in and
then I gave up because I hate Seth
MacFarlane try some of the later ones
yeah yeah the first episode was kind of
bad second one was only slightly better
and then I think they started improving
after that okay yes he's actually
downright likable in the krill episode
just to go undercover as an alien
are you an only moving there laughing
yeah it's annoying it's a thing it's a
thing fine it's fine it's fine is one of
this everything's fine
yeah fully ex that's what all the the
jokes were I'd like to have sex with
that lady if you know what I mean people
have the dumbest reasons for not liking
Seth other than I mean I often here I
just don't like his face or he act
smarter than he is which is dumb I think
the problem is he he comes off as being
smug you say smug good yeah it's not
like I just don't like his face he you
look at him he almost has like what do
they call that resting bitchface where
he looks like he has an attitude and
then he starts talking and he comes
across as if he's better than everyone
yes
so it's it's not just a like I don't
like his face but but it's also just
kind of I don't like his face he does
act smarter than he is though well look
he had the good sense to not host cosmos
right if he just appreciates smart
people I can't fault him for that
new cosmos was still a spun piece of
shit
how how how is the new cosmos smug the
cosmos is great
just keep it talking about space and
shit
like smug JIT doesn't just mean that
someone's like someone is smarter than
you like smoke is smoke is someone
looking down on you for not being as
smart as than Neil deGrasse Tyson is
actually smarter than Jim right and he's
you know teaching you the other s Tyson
is taking you on a little knowledge
journey my friend he's a man who loves
knowledge and has knowledge yeah that's
just called being smart right he's not
being a book but he's not being a prick
about it
he's like I'm smarter than you so i'ma
teach you it says some pretty dumb stuff
shit on Twitter though you mean he says
shit that offends you and he doesn't
care if it offends you know he's kind of
a dick sometimes I'll be well he's not a
dick he has a persona the the Neil
deGrasse Tyson he's got one of them
persona I love oh I agree so high up
read Neil Tyson's tweet about the solar
eclipse he's an asshole
What did he say about the solar eclipse
now I gotta look this up he says
something you know he says some he says
some things on the Twitter that aren't
necessarily that are dumb he says stuff
he says stuff let's dump on the Twitter
a lunar eclipse flat-earthers have never
seen this that's fine that's just funny
that's really just funny flat earthers
are stupid
they're allowed to ridicule stupid
that's true are you talking about the
image he posted with the shadow that's
just a line across the moon that's great
Oh total total solar eclipses occur
somewhere on earth every two years or so
just calm yourself when people tell you
they're rare that's the quote they were
talking about how some make him an
asshole what way does that make him an
asshole everyone's all excited I think I
think he's just pointing out something
you might not realize oh well but no cuz
he was - don't get sued so so I think
you could take that in an asshole way
people were getting very excited about a
solar curt eclipse crossing the United
States and he came out of shape when you
say you don't like Star Wars and you
were well he was so what he was doing
was deflating a lot of excitement a lot
of people were excited he was like you
know what he was doing rich well
actually he was giving a well actually I
can be with you there he was giving a
well actually and we had just talked
about how well actually is a kind of
lame
so but you know what I still enjoy his
program and I still enjoy him as a
personality so I'm not gonna take I'm
not gonna take away like one slightly
rude comment from the rest of the things
that I like about him he's a professor
his job is literally well actually
there's a time and a place for well
actually rich if I was in his class and
he gave me a well actually that's fine
where's the head of the planetarium I
don't know if he ever teach probably
taught at some point right
if he does nowhere at all I know
primarily he's like the head of baby
which planets uh or the Colin the New
York's planetarium hmm mm mm-hmm
it was an unsolicited well actually
that's right
Hayden that's right
he well actually the shit out of Pluto
what I mean he kind of spearheaded that
Pluto's not a planet I'm fine with that
yeah I'm absolutely fine with that you
know you know I'm down with Pluto not
being a planet no more reclassification
is all the rage in science no I'm trying
to think of something else
that he did on Twitter it was it was
another Twitter thing oh yeah he said he
said some like in an incredibly like it
was some incredibly dumb well actually
about leap years or something and it was
but again none of that really matters
because he's a smart dude and I enjoy
his programs I enjoyed him when he was
doing his PBS Nova stuff I enjoyed him
when he was doing his other stuff I
really like shit where did this
conversation get started what's the show
he does Seth MacFarlane cosmos I enjoy
his cosmos he's a good dude he just says
some rude things but but then by the way
you know what you do rich
here's here's a here's a quick tip for
anyone who doesn't like let's say you
like Neil deGrasse Tyson but you don't
like what he says on Twitter you know
what you do you don't follow him on
Twitter and then you just don't have to
hear it it's great it's the greatest
okay new place time to move on
hey time to bun so you know something we
were talking about earlier rich yeah we
were talking about people who cheat at
pub G yeah and I came across some ways
that people cheat at pub G and it really
bothered me okay
because trying to figure out how how do
I get these cheats how do I get them I
just want to win one fucking chicken
dinner oh it came so close they by the
way they recently changed some of the
rules in pub G I got the fourth I got to
fourth place rich and it was just me or
it was me and three other people yeah
and I was fuckin on and I had killed
three people I had great positioning I
had great equipment yeah and only three
people left and I was so on it I was
ready I felt the win and in the blue the
blue circles getting smaller and smaller
and you know what I see a lot when I see
highlight videos I see people actually
waiting outside the blue circle taking a
little bit of damage in hopes of
catching someone as they run in yeah I'm
gonna do that took a couple chugs of
energy drink and some pills so I'd
regenerate health and then I waited
outside the blue liner all right fine
fine
and then all of a sudden I die outside
the blue ring yeah not the gunshots the
blue ring killed me yeah but I was on
the out there for like three seconds
it gets pretty stronger the end I never
knew that and apparently it's gotten
stronger towards the end it killed me so
fucking fast and so it was just one of
those times where I was like it was
there rich the chicken dinner would you
rather be playing pub G right now no no
I would okay you know why because there
be cheaters out there and what I was
watching I think I actually uninstalled
it though so Oh
what I was watching was a common sheet
right now which is which is called pub G
ESP yeah and what the idea is it's it's
a separate program that you run like on
your iPad or a laptop or something that
gives you the exact position of everyone
I want to I want to point something out
Jack what you're now letting everybody
know about this that's wrong yes yes
you're letting them know that it exists
and that it's wrong you think the people
who are going to cheat care about that I
think the people who are gonna cheat I
already know about this and are already
onto the next chief that works even
better what do you tell me about this my
thought was and you haven't explained
what it is yeah well my thought was oh
that's clever that'd be probably really
easy to get away with that was my
thought but explain what this is this
was called it's called punk G ESP and
what it is is it's a separate program
that runs on your iPad or your laptop
and it gives the exact location of
everyone in your server playing yep and
so what you do is as you're going you
know you check your little mini-map and
all the you can see anyone within you
know anywhere around you so you can
check if a house is empty and you know
if you have time to loot without
worrying about it you can see a guy like
hiding around a corner over there so you
can flank him without knowing it just
gives you everyone's position and it's
that has to be incredibly frustrating
that has to be incredibly frustrating
and I've had some of those moments where
where I've been playing the game where
I've been playing the game and it seems
as if someone has just spotted me and
how could they ever how could they have
known where I was right
that was my thing is like how do you
know where I am I was hiding
so it's possible you know they could
have been using the cheap maybe I don't
know I don't know but it's it's actually
made me double you know it's made me
think about whether or not I want to
play pub gee if there are cheats out
there that are so easy to do see what I
find interesting about that one you're
talking about is yeah that's something
you would have running in an iPad right
like how could they tie that to you
right it's like it's free oh I'm sure
it's a worry free cheap but there has to
be a way for them to tell you know who's
running it you would think at least
someone someone on a tablet how do they
how do they tie that to the person on
the steam on a different machine playing
pub G right that's the question that's
the question
that's the question so I was watching a
video and you know there are some people
who are you know accusing streamers of
using the ESP to to just you know farm
rank at this point bullshit it's a
bullshit rich the people who use this
shit
failing such as life y'all filled on the
end
yay it's true killer pine nine nine
seven says rich beautiful star wars fan
rant last stream Jack I too love
Blankman I can't believe someone else
remembered it did you have it on the
farm we did we did have it on the farm
and yeah it was a
I loved Blankman all down all down with
the Blankman one of the few one of the
few movies we had on the farm I don't
know why we had it
but we had it this is game any good yeah
so far it's alright it ain't it ain't
worse they're doing a very good job of
varying up the levels and what powers
you need to do so it's like you never
get it's never just a platformer it's
also a kind of figure out what's going
on in the world maybe it's just the
stage but I do think this looks at least
a little bit on my job you think it
looks a little bit ugly that's fine I'm
not here to tell ya it's the prettiest
thing it's not my place
can Jack recommend a better version of
this game then I've been looking for new
games like this no I think this is all
right like this is this is a good
version of this game this is probably
what you're looking for this is uh this
is pretty good obviously like I just
haven't been playing for that long so
you know I don't know the full depth of
it but I I mean I'm willing to say that
this is a good game I think
you know I'm not crazy invested in the
story just because we're streaming in
and we've been not paying attention to
it but that's fine do you guys have any
good supernatural stories oh I think I
think I could speak to you when I say I
don't believe that either of us believes
in the supernatural in any fashion so no
you have any good stories about somebody
you know who believed and the silly
thing they thought it's the one who
believed the silly thing um you know I
just don't know if I do I just don't
know if I do
trying to think it's hard because anyone
who who tells me like you know they're
spooky ghost story I just I just roll my
eyes I'm like yes okay
I'm that dickhead I won't even
I won't even entertain the idea without
without solid evidence and for some
reason then whatever has any what about
Mike's interesting ghost there's no like
story there you see fond of the ghost
shows it's about it's about the only
story I got I guess there aren't real
ghosts there aren't me superficial cuz
ghosts don't exist
yo there could have been so and I didn't
see we're wrong for asking I'm just
saying there's not a story there
why are pictures of the paranormal
always freaking blurry
you really you have to ask that question
they just want to hear you yeah why
isn't there clear crisp evidence of the
supernatural Oh obviously rich obviously
because the presence of something
paranormal distorts the digital inputs
of the divine mean obviously it's weird
that there's no concrete evidence of the
afterlife so many people claim to
experience it do you think it would just
be everywhere sorry dude
want that box want that box yo the kid
who visited heaven admitted to making it
up yeah the one that made a movie about
oh yeah yeah what I call what was the
movie call I know what you're talking
about
I don't remember there was a book about
it the book turned into a movie the kid
you know he died five or whatever long
you know they resuscitated him he had
this grand story about going to heaven
Milton and then he recent years came out
said dogs making it up I was a kid who
was making it up right because that was
a kid yeah yeah and my parents heaven is
for real that's what was called heaven
is full real and my parents found a way
to take my story and make money off of
him my parents made so much money
the kids last name was malarkey I'm sure
that
making up heaven seems like a good way
to be said straight to hell yeah making
up hell was a great way to get people to
donate to your collection plate just
talking to you about that about you know
like the the reason you know you know
the reason why there's no great like
atheistic community organization yeah
which you know that'd be wonderful like
yeah like you know let's to get together
once a week and just you know they have
that huh they have that I don't they
have it around here but these things
exist oh but not in the not in the way
that churches do yeah yeah of course
like oh they have community events and
whatnot but they don't they don't have
it in the way that churches do they
don't have the strength
okay I don't think there's I don't think
there's very many people who do it but
there is something that's like an
atheist church yes sure it's not like
it's not like they have any kind of
ceremonies but they go and do the church
things that you like yeah go and you
hang out right you hang out once a week
Yeah right well but even if that exists
it's not in the strength that the church
is right and you know why that is there
and there's no common enemy that's what
the churches have done a great job of
uniting people against a common enemy
yeah
their common enemy is religious people I
got I got nothing against people who are
religious I got I got I got something
against it when like you want to make
laws that are religious in nature rush
me to go that forced me to go along with
something you believe in because it's
something you believe in other than that
I don't I I don't care what people's
beliefs are right stomach you know
you're not trying to pass a law that
says I have to eat fish on Friday right
I'm cool with ya
I get it what qualifies as religious
nature same-sex people shouldn't be able
to get married because my books say so
boom that that qualifies the law right
there this that's what you know that is
where there's a lot yeah yep boom my
ancient book my ancient book
got seen come for ya this it's a weird
little story heavy little story heavy
there's there's there's places in this
world where if you don't believe what
the common religion is you know you
could be put to death
there's Muslim countries were what is an
apostasy if you fall out of the Muslim
faith you could be put to death
sure it's a thing yeah someone was
describing to me recently their friend
who has recently left the Mormon Church
and the amount of shit you have to go
through to officially leave the church
or else they will never let you go
financially or otherwise like they have
ties into you yeah yeah
it's just crazy it's just so crazy
Shem oh I've nothing against people who
have a religion but I do not like the
idea of a theocracy
you know I it's it's it's fine to sit
here here's the problem
ready yeah if you want if you want to
get into some deep shit and I've had
this conversation with you know
religious people I know and you know and
a lot of them they take that at that
point of view or is just like hey if I'm
not hurting you what what's the problem
and I said and I say here's what the
real problem is faith in and of itself
is a problem because when you're dealing
with faith you're dealing with you know
say believing there is a God having no
proof that faith and that's a tenement
religious beliefs like you have if God
just showed himself no one would have
faith and that wouldn't count but okay I
put a lot of people think and so faith
itself I think is harmful because it
trusts you
or it trains you to trust your feelings
over facts I feel God and that ripples
down to shit that I care about I don't
feel like there's any sort of climate
change so there probably isn't I don't
feel like this look you know that this
law is appropriate I don't you know like
people start trusting their feelings
over what the numbers tell them and
that's where I think the faith in and of
itself can have a problem unfortunately
don't preach to me motherfucker play the
game well hey guess what blast out the
games kind of boring me so you get
preaching for nothing you can change the
game that's fine we're talking shit we
were some time to talk about shit I
guess we're only an hour and 40 minutes
in oh my god really yeah oh it feels
like I've been playing this for five
hours you may want to change the game oh
my god
I guess at the two-hour mark helps
change the game I feel like why do you
get the widow drama I'm a nice clean cut
you're clean cut right now
changing the game I'll be fine figure
out how to get to box
what shoot a missile that's awesome
so your review of this game is mediocre
mediocre yeah yeah
maybe I'm just I just I like the the
world I like the idea but I don't know
it's it's a game that I might get it I
might be able to get into outside of a
stream but inside definitely not so
mediocre so there is a box on the
ceiling and I want it
well I'm sorry you can't have it can you
bring that box outside with you I could
not like a nuts and I tried that
I can't take the crate outside see the
uninstalled pub G which I think I did
the thing I was trying to make space and
I thought we're probably not gonna play
pub G again for a while
seems like Jack's gotten it out of a
system I did mostly but not really but
we'll see you want to play that no what
if it's not if it's not installed then
no but yeah it's not itself you can
click on it just see just see how long
it's gonna take
I know it's gonna be forever gonna be
fine oh it's gonna be forever I'm just
I'm curious I'm just gonna okay okay you
I click like we click on that and it
turns into another one of those streams
where we just wait for something to
install and that's no fun for anybody
what am I going what am i doing
every fine it'll be fine we'll find
something else to play do we still have
left for dead install maybe Deborah chat
what scream it's fine that's fine this
is gonna happen every once in a while
we're we're just gonna play a game that
we're not terribly into son of them
bitch plants here to stick with this
yeah we're gonna we're gonna stick it
out for a little bit longer all right
all right I'm gonna see if I can find if
I can find it rich if I can find the
love of this game don't see that
happening at this point you don't see
that happening
I have upgraded my thing so I can now
get into these parts of the areas you
know we're Metroid it a little bit so
that's nice so that's nice Technium I've
procured Technium
you know I get like the the just the the
basic gameplay of something like this
like a cutesy 2d Metroid I had the same
problem with owl boy and I had the same
problem with hollow night uh-huh where
it's just it doesn't offer me anything
new like I I think it's great that you
know whoever made this just grew up
loving you know gun star heroes that
droid and these kind of 2d games so I'm
making my own and it's I you know I
although something bothers me a lot of
these 2d games they've decided that
whenever characters are standing still
they need to breathe with their entire
body and I think it's really annoying
like look at her go exhausting she's
exhausted she's exhausted and so I I
think that's great is like I wanted to
make my own game the only issue is it's
not it's not necessarily giving me
anything here it's not giving me
anything I won't what do you want Jack
something new something challenging why
did you play a 2d side-scrolling but
frayed Vania shooter because I was
looking for someone new I was looking
for the rich I was I was looking I was
looking for the twist I was looking for
the twist that they were gonna prod
I wanted to see what twists they would
put on it to make it something new I
understand that just by saying I was
looking for something new in wrapping
and something new get them but I thought
there would be a twist I thought they
would put a twist on this to be like oh
well it's like those things but like
what you know what like with salt and
sanctuary right yeah yeah it's it's like
Dark Souls but it's a 2d set
all right I'm down right is that
significantly different from Dead Souls
we enjoyed Dead Souls I did
I enjoyed that selves I'm waiting for it
to be done now yeah that sells has the
the roguelike elements to it where it's
new maps all the roguelike elements
isn't new at this point no but it's a
it's a good it's a good packaging of the
roguelike elements we've seen before
tight gameplay controls I have a map I
do
I've played fortnight's I think
fortnight's alright did you want try and
download no because we went through that
last time thank you you see yeah it's
gonna take us for fucking ever
I played for tonight before you know
what I just didn't like it I didn't like
it as much as as I like pop G so wasn't
my thing forever could be while you
playing those so great right now we're
doing that doing one download it for me
I'm sure that's thing that could be
happening I don't think we'll get it in
two hours okay what I'm saying
can anyone remember the name of that
skydiving wingsuit game they played a
few months back a super flight super fly
slightly that was fun that way you know
what that was rich that was new and
interesting super flight
sound game recently it's not it's it's
still like in kind of early development
that is a it's a procedurally generated
mountain biking game were you it's like
super flight but you you know you gotta
have a mountain biking it's like a new
path all the time a few little tricks
you got a mountain tight bike down a
mountain it's like oh they look neat too
it looks like a neat little one-off
little Zen experience
Anana says to touch on religion the one
part I actively dislike all of the
practices that were clearly done for
practical or a satiric data for
practical or authoritarian reasons and
are only done today just because my
religion says so
authoritarian reasons well I mean yeah
that's that's the whole point man keep
you in line got to keep you in line man
that's that's the that's the Jim
that's the jib man and they can keep
changing their story you know all that
all they want
there'll be no there'll be no there'll
be no changing of their minds a strongly
religious person ever and that's
something that's it's hard to it's hard
to accept total Lane versus total labor
and dromeda worth the watch for the
drama alone creative was totally
replaced season two ish to reformat into
Hercules in space co-creator later
released intended plot arc oh come so is
Hercules in space a bad thing Oh
Hercules stars in it Kevin Sorbo
everyone shocked says hey guys right
thoughts on how big of a disaster the
solo movie will be no are they not
spending ad box to save money for the
eventual bomb also have you heard of
they are billions some be steampunk
realtime strategy realtime strategy is
the part of that sentence that's the
part doc your move it up says check i'm
jack
yeah you dropped the ball I did rich did
you die in an earlier episode I missed
or forgotten about or was that just a
bit for that episode that that bit was I
had family obligations that day and was
not able to make a chunk of the viewing
and and I you know JJ asked me first
free that day yeah oh yeah no problem
and I get there and I see Josh and I was
like that's weird why is Josh here you
know cuz like you usually like they'll
only asked me to come if Josh isn't
there you know like we'll swap off I was
like that's funny and then no rich shut
up I was like are we doing a rich
Lesseps owed have we ever done a rich
Lesseps owed and everyone's you know
actually wrong there's never been an
episode where I haven't at least been in
the viewer there's been there's been a
number of them where I'm not in the
discussion but where I'm like not there
at all it's never happened
has there been a number where you're not
in the discussion even oh yeah a few
more in a few really which ones
well the first two the first two first
two know you're in the second one cuz
I'm in the second one with you I don't
know if you were in the first one no and
you were in the first one could be the
first and third there's too early on I
wasn't in you have to be in the first
one because I wasn't there
I don't know I wasn't in the discussion
for the first one I don't think I was in
the discussion for the second one it
might have been the third
interest and there's been a few others
okay what are you one of the Jim and
Colin episodes the Jillian episode
that's right because you were coming in
giving us the breaking news reports of
course there's another one not too far
in the past it was a you and Josh Brener
then I wasn't a few months ago four
months ago really yeah I get you know in
my in my head you're in every episode
but I guess these guys would be terrible
at rlm trivia I absolutely would be I
don't remember anything we do after
we're done doing it that's why I like
the episode so much the best of the
worst episodes I forget everything we
talked about so when I watch the best of
the worst episode that I'm in it's all
it's all new it's all fresh
Jack because I get I don't get drunk in
every episode you usually it works like
this if it's an episode we shot on a
weekday I'm stone sober not a one drink
in me if it's on a Saturday there's no
guarantees
in fact if it's on a Saturday though
those are me no that's my that's my big
drinking date and they know that so I
think sometimes they intentionally
schedule it on a Saturday like Jack come
on I'm shooting on the Saturday just
come on which one was the invasion of
the fish fuckers I don't I don't think I
was in that discussion either no no
there's a number of them you know the
fish fuckers oh yeah with the porno Ron
Jeremy's in it yeah well what's that
movie that was boobs boobs
yeah there's a spreadsheet there's this
bridge yes you guys are on it I'm not in
the first or third okay and then the
psycho from Texas
yes Jillian um is that right okay can't
be right what and there's only two of us
and then Oh was Jim and column wearing
that one I'm not in the the American
Fletch laters osteoporosis dance episode
the Halloween ones Lovelock OS yeah
neither of us were on that one
the wheel of the worst where we did
everything on the wheel I'm not in that
discussion and Cathy's curse and that's
the one I'm thinking about it was
recently when with you and Josh oh you
weren't in the Cathy's cursive yeah and
now the princess warrior so a handful
okay that's a nice-looking boss let's go
no you don't always get everything you
want check
yeah
magical trevor 37 says jack and rich
have you ever played any of the Tony
Hawk games Pro Skater 4 and underground
a particularly awesome cornerstone of my
childhood if we don't see you to mess
around
Thanks I have I have literally zero
experience and ended things then you my
friend are missing out
yep some some of the the greatest
memories with the PlayStation one was
with Tony Hawk pro skater ok I think
it's a it's a fantastic I think it's a
fantastic game that it because there
were so many Tony Hawk games has almost
been forgotten but I can't tell you the
joy you get just you know getting the
right combination you grind flip kick do
the dolly thing back flip it around to
an awesome soundtrack it was on it was
the greatest ok I love Tony Hawk games
yes
what does that mean I know I got a boss
thing take a minute take a minute
SSX tricky event I haven't I haven't
like I haven't played any skateboard
games
SSX tricky is a snowboarding game and
yes actually I think SSX tricky might
have been my very first experience on a
PlayStation 2 or if that was I don't
know if that was a later SSX tricky game
that might have been a later
SSX game the PlayStation 2 now remember
that was the first game where I realized
the graphical power of the PlayStation 2
versus the like Nintendo 64 which I know
probably sounds super lame that SSX
tricky was like oh my god graphics but
it was at the time
I do better than I did last time
see Danny hope ok I you know we probably
I could play Tony Hawk games on the
stream in fact I would love to play a
Tony Hawk game on stream but we would
have to mute all the music because all
of it is just copy written to shit but
I'd love to play Tony Hawk games I love
Tony Hawk games so that's some of the
most classic like by the way I wonder I
wonder if you can find some good of hack
with like an alternate soundtrack for
streamers oh well yeah and I haven't
played a one maybe they have new ones
where they have like royalty-free music
or whatever music that artists are ok
sharing that was back in the day when
like everyone was taking on role playing
mechanics into their game yeah and so
like the Tony Hawk like the story mode
of the Tony Hawk games was always the
greatest cuz you'd have to like do
tricks to impress your local skate shop
and then they would sponsor you so you
could get better gear so you could get
into the tournament so you could do
tricks to impress a local sponsor you
know like Adidas shoes or whatever I'm
trying to I'm trying to imagine a
modern-day Tony Hart game just almost no
skating there's a lot of walking around
talking to people
my house and it's got it's got that off
center third-person over-the-shoulder
like arkham knight branching dialogue
options and then when you skate like all
the tricks just automatic once you drive
over to the spot on the rail where the
trick is supposed to happen
mm-hmm just press the X button it's more
accessible oh yeah
procedurally-generated skate parks in a
modern triple-a game oh they wouldn't
have anything randomly generated because
they can't sell you more maps what do
you mean we're gonna give them new maps
for ludie what is this Communist China
face game only has two skate parks it's
all quick ten minutes yeah yeah probably
would be that's exactly what a modern
Tony Hawk appear darn shame I tell you
what fine series of games
it's a modern tawny hot game but I would
be about battling you know crippling
arthritis how old is he Tony Hawk needs
his medicine making decisions on whether
send his kids to college right
he needs his medicine so he's got to go
back into the skateboarding game one
more time Tony Hawk actually looks okay
for that it's not shocking it was good
it was exactly right and you know what
he always did kind of look like a like a
middle-aged man so now that he is a
middle-aged man
that's a great idea I'll see you I'll
see what Tony Hawk games I can find I've
gotten down the PC skateboard loot
crate's
all the same skateboards but if you want
if you want your your your Uncharted
skin you gotta get it on the loot crate
and only 13 Tony coins unlock a loot
crate about 10 hours worth of grinding
to unlock one neo skateboard if you know
but you'll pay for the but by the way in
a shocking play on words it's literal
grinding like so they do it in the Tony
Hawk kids yes
you're welcome everyone here let's say I
want to I'm just saying uh I'm just
curious not saying I want a switch I
mean I do want a smooth but I'm not
saying I don't you look up Tony Hawk
specifically and see if anything comes
up and if they don't have it here search
gog that's a good idea
the games under skateboard that they
have on Steam don't look super probable
you're seeing a thumbnail advertising
image that you didn't really I don't
think you can really tell oh my god
I can cite you know what I can tell by
the thumbnail you know if a games gonna
be good from a large absolutely Tony
Hawk replacing Diddy Kong Racing what's
the update check it's on its way I found
my I found myself a bright ass green
Nintendo 64 one that mike has not thrown
around mike is not throwing around it
has the expansion pack if we need the
expansion pack it has it has a guarantee
play policy or my money back so I'm very
very excited about that we Huck all
right no results I'm just I'm just
searching for any game with a skateboard
in it SSX tricky that says this uh
that's not a skateboarding is it you
know they're all extreme sports to me I
they're all extreme sports it Sony hack
it's great board simulator they don't
even have any skate and you have any
like escape I just looked up skate on
GOG you know even snow skate it's a fuck
out of here well we need to change the
game because everybody sure is bored
skating is like a jet set radio I don't
believe jet set radio is on the steam it
is on the stands is it jeomsun radio I
just saw is it right here
Oh neat eight books
I don't know if that's what you're
looking for right now but that I want us
I want a skateboarder
I want a skateboard video game and I
don't I don't swear where's the the Tony
Hawk the fan game you know right where's
the where's the game that's like Tony
Hawk this looks interesting
you want to play it
I'll get fucked you want play this is
rollerblading this ain't snow
skateboarding that's all the same jack
it's called thug pro that's a oh it's a
mod for Tony Hawk underground 2 on PC
well we would need to have a copy of
tony hawk underground 2 on PC and Tony
Hawk isn't on someone saying Olly Olly
is the D Tony Hawk wannabe I thought
this was a 2-d game
Holly Holly Holly Holly - Holly Holly is
a 2t a 2d game okay Danny no Tony Hawk
that's not Tony Hawk these doors don't
know what you don't what you don't don't
about Julie let's go to the Windows
Store is this what we have to do the
Windows Store no you're not gonna find
shit there but misery and broken dreams
Olly Olly is definitely Tony Hawk
maybe Olly Olly - is just completely
different and something they did on a
lark oh okay no look up Olly Olly one
here's what I'm gonna guess yeah it's a
look all right
no Olly Olly is the Tony Hawk of 2d
games it's not the same yo that is not
the same no I'm PC look for skate on
Origin oh we're not done with an Origin
that's a perfect reaction
amazon.com Tony Hawk pro skater download
it's on PC but by digital $10 on Amazon
that's how that's right I think so I Pro
Skater - that's the one I don't know you
know what I just don't know I just don't
know rich all I know is I want it
whatever it is I want it platform PC 2 3
and this is which one Jack one right
I'll look into this this is not this is
not anything we should be dealing with
now even though we've been dealing with
it now for a little bit ok so clean
break you are you quitting this inciting
something else maybe at this point
they'd probably rather watch like
getting over it right beating my head
against well yeah let me um let me just
get this guy to his thing here okay
clean break it this guy's on a mission I
don't know I don't necessarily care stop
it get help
Finnish human fall flat I don't I don't
know that I have the brainpower it's
been a it's been a day yeah oh then
they'll understand what kind of day it's
been one of these days yeah they might
skip it all fuck it all let's skip it
all fuck it all
quit playing you see how adorable that
is yeah
instead of saying yes or no it's shaking
your head no not an idea it's kind of
adorable quit I

[Part II]
let's find another game to play III like
I like playing new games I like seeing
what games they have to offer almost at
that I bought that I just bought
recently that that was super cheap maybe
on origin on origin you think you have
Morden right no I look I just looked
into origin and oh what what titanfall -
yeah cuz they have that apparently
really good single-player campaign and
it was like eight bucks I was like I am
might be worth downloading origin if
they have Tony Hawk I can only deal with
so many DRM nannies I certainly don't
trust EA's digital nanny you need all of
them man you need all the nannies
none of these are digital though all
these Tony Hawk's that I see just I'm
just gonna check real quick oh they used
to have it oh and to the in July the
headed Tony Hawk pro skater HD will be
removed from steam where is it then
hold on maybe this will tell us where it
is maybe they'll tell us where we can
get it now no reason given Tony Hawk pro
skater HD okay hold on then we got a
look at that Tony Hawk
HD is a shitty new one HD was a fast and
loose port by a no-name company yay
origin actually isn't too bad you play
as real trash heap is the real trash
heap
yeah but origin is EA and I don't
fucking trust those bastards not
especially in love with it would be soft
either but I certainly don't fucking
trust EA
I search skate on Origin and I got the
Sims Dark Age of Camelot that's that's
not how it works
games sports what do you got origin for
sports where's my Tony Hawk you won't be
getting digital versions of Tony Hawk
pro skater anywhere right now
Activision fucked up what I just reading
things
Activision of reading things Activision
you fuck
I want Tony Hawk now now that now that
we've talked about Tony Hawk that's all
I want
I think it's in my head now and I just
want how about the rest of the stream is
just your quest for Tony Hawk that's I'm
I'm not I'm not opposed to I'm
absolutely revert back see look tell me
how Pro Skater 3 HD revert pack download
I don't know what that means Tony Hawk
pro skater HD this is it
down low the same instantly DRM on Steam
you could try this and see what happens
I mean can i I don't know I've never
bought something digitally on Amazon
before neither have I all right hold on
I'm waiting you you do what you do you
do what you do I'm gonna hear anonymous
says you keep doing that I'm gonna look
up I only got two of these oh shit we'll
read read very slowly anonymous says hey
guys
have you tried playing age cube it's the
live mobile trivia game show that
sweeping the country and it has a show
starting right now it's only 15 minutes
at 2:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. your time
every day
I beg you an honors mutant oh great that
was great okay I think I got something
killer pie and now I'm not familiar with
this HQ thing you're talking about
killin pine nine nine seven says old
wizard voice I don't have an old wizard
voice you must reverse the desert plains
of the Microsoft Store then through the
jagged rocks have you played before
crossing the fire pits of origin I like
it it's the best I could do I like it
it's great okay
our old wizard voice sounds like Deckard
Cain who's Deckard came you know your
Deckard Cain alright I think I might
have it
Diablo old guy okay face
you've played Diablo the game we just
keep clicking that really
Diablo ya didn't look like my jam no got
it
you haven't i'm currently downloading
syberius kirk is saying you cannot fight
tony hawk or transformers games
digitally anymore because activision
lost the license and had to have them
pulled from all legit digital outlets
that's weird cuz i'm downloading tony
hawk pro skater on Steam right now I did
have to purchase it and okay so here's
the weird part I had to purchase it on
Amazon uh-huh and then on Amazon you get
the product code for steam and so then
you have to go to steam games activate
game like how you do so this is a legit
version okay it's it's pro skater HD
which might may or may not be a janky
port but I'm currently downloading Tony
Hawk pro skater and that's all I care
about
cuz that's all I want to play in the
world right now is Tony here okay I got
this in my head and I got a place per
skater you Amazon so has steam keys in
stock once they run out they're gone for
good
ah okay well there you go there you go
playing motherfucking Sony huh I don't
know if I've ever been more excited to
play game we have to remember to turn
off music okay so does that mean that
transformers the Platinum one is the
devastation isn't available yeah you
know what we'll check while we download
just out of curiosity I've no interest
in playing that right now but
okay Pro Skater age D okay
updates ah close okay so go to the store
at steam here no mistake the only thing
they have is the trans is
transformers the movie interestings
devastation isn't even that old right
that's very interesting
we're doing good we're downloading three
minutes left three minutes to tony hawk
everyone three minutes to tony hawk a
quick download yeah you know the anime
root like it looks like the 80s
transformers the movie yeah they're 90s
whenever that loan came oh yeah
that's what killed the Transformers for
me second second Optimus Prime died I
was out yeah yeah instantly instantly
I'm sorry I'm very sorry I was I was
never a big transformers person I didn't
get it my toys were hard to transform I
didn't like it how do you how do I do it
it's like you know for me it was either
a robot or a plane and I just had to be
okay with that because I didn't like
transformers
why would you ever not want them to be a
robot right that's what I always said -
it's like I have I have airplanes I
don't mean to be an airplane we're rich
and Jack unprepared again no I came in
with a plan of iconoclasts and I just
kind of got bored by it and then we
started talking about Tony Hawk pro
skater and now that's all I want to play
and it was hard to find so people died
rich get over it yeah but see when my
favorite character dies I no longer have
any reason to stick around with the
franchise
in fact you stopped watching you got
over you got over transformers you did
it that character I likes not around
anymore
sign me up though they'll put a we gots
is obnoxious replacement up to this week
what's poochy hate doing now absolutely
and hot rod was a PUD I don't know what
but it means there's a pun
what's a hot with a pun you know putters
PUD no I've never heard huh dick really
yeah I've never heard the term PUD
before
but Mark Wahlberg is still alive that's
true
Mark Wahlberg is an actor not even like
pulling the PUD what no I've never heard
this term before Danny it's gonna be
tough not playing Tony Hawk without the
music but we can do it
the noclip guys did a great pro skater
documentary for GameSpot when he was
producing the show the point I don't
have to check that out here we go here
we go rich
alright Jack I'm very excited for you
it's time Tony Hawk yeah yeah it's
stalling all right
these guys it's all directx for windows
yeah cuz we don't have that installed
a million times already just telling
Jack thanks
he's performing the first time setup of
Microsoft DirectX because we've never
yeah that's so weird if you've never had
to install that before for the millions
of games that we've played
I know I can feel it we're close we're
close we're so close to Tony Hawk what
the Hawking begin yes yes
dr. chug but mud I've explained this
before a lot of people are curious as to
the the Who Dat bit that I have
performed several times during best of
the worst it's imaginary suspenders
right no it's that let's think you're
sticking your thumbs and your suspenders
it's a character that I have created and
that characters only defining and only
characteristic is they stick their
thumbs in their arm
and they go who dad yes that's it that's
their cold lettering that makes less
sense than I thought I thought I really
thought it was imaginary suspenders oh
it's in your armpits I just go who dad
and it's a character that I may or may
not have created while you know under
the influence of things and J and Josh
just remember it from parties back in
the day so sound options was I did yep I
turned I turned the music all the way
down okay full volume
anybody don't want to see Tony Hawk
without the music right I wonder I
wonder how much this is this gonna be a
horrible mistake
very bad chat what's what's your money
on bald guy or girl where's your money
chat where's your money or Tony Hawk oh
whoa that'll be a first for you
she looks pretty cool
you've got a Red Hat the bald guy though
I know I saw that oh my god some Jack's
going with it Jack's going with the bald
guy that's where my money was Bob go
ahead Riley Hawk mm-hmm just got bad
hang time
she's got bad hang time sort of say and
then a bad hang time you know I'm gonna
go we're actually right hand oh my god
jack is going Red Hat this is a
curveball he throws the curveball uh
we're gonna go single session here
actually wait let's go just free skate
just so I can house gets all the money
the house gets all the money
when a free skates I can remember how to
play this game nope nice that rich
heavens I thought he was dead wow he's
so original so original and clever
saying that thing that everybody who
walks into the chat tonight is typed in
immediately okay
all right doing good doing good just
like this is weird
oh this is so weird you always not
monetize this video just I'm usually
gonna enjoy him Tony Hawk wanna be fine
it's fine
hopefully you know what hopefully it's
the same music
yes here it is
this Goldfinger
the greatest game ever got I remember
how to do also what what determines
whether or not you crash when doing
strikes well you have to you know you
have to land logically so you know the
wheels have to be straight and then I
think you have to hold down the jump
button again because you hold down the
jump button and you and you go like this
you crouch and then you let go to jump
then you do a little trick and you got
your wheels got a touch Chad I did I did
I did not show up late for that dress of
the worst it was I had family
obligations and I wasn't sure I was
gonna show up at all but unfortunately
the guy started so late I was able to
catch the last two rules weird we
started late family obligations had made
me late no family obligations that I
told them about ahead of time and I
wasn't it wasn't planned for me to be
there at all that was just a bonus he's
showing up great if you could show me
what it was there we go okay grab Olly
okay
Oh
I figured out again
and it was like different there's like
different combos you can do you know you
hit the right combination of buttons and
you be like the super sweet Tyrell and
break your ankle you use super sweet
trick and break your ankle
this is memories rich so you haven't
lost a beat this is great
the ones that could do I go you could do
like a backflip or something
oh did you get greedy Jackson I tried it
too much apparently
crying it's all about the grinding oh
it's you know what's crazy is how small
this level seems right now there's just
nothing to it but of course back in the
day it was the biggest it was the
biggest thing
well other other stages that are perhaps
bigger than us Oh probably hey let's
just hang out on the halfpipe
whoa nice 360 melon what does that mean
I don't know wow I remember how to do
this specials I want to do this super
awesome specials do I have to unlock
them maybe maybe a unlock them it was
the first time you played this version
before yeah
the regular of the HD yes just one oh
god no idea no idea when you're on the
page that's what I thought I saw
something that said 2012 but don't quote
me on that
I'm saying you haven't gone everywhere
on the stash their money in this area
you see what's up there
is that just where you come down from
that's just where I come down from my I
can go back up well that's you shouldn't
have that much more muntin no that's
just how it works oh yeah okay Wow and
then you can break through broken ankles
oh yeah oh I see look like radical
yeah look at that
that was crazy all right I think I'm
figuring out different grabs that's I'm
doing different joystick positions and
that's what's giving us our different
grabs how do I stop oh I didn't realize
like that we've got no chance if I came
back what what I is just to there I
don't know you're like just broke and
you went on your back two wheels and
things yeah I hit buttons those manuals
are big points by the way yeah oh yeah
how did I do it now how do I even do
that what button did I press because
then you can let you go from like a
grind it's like a manual and then off a
ramp I just remember them being big
points but I don't remember none of the
buttons I seem to be pressing while I'm
working now you use them to chain into
big points well that's that's what Jack
was just saying just literally I mean
apparently he got it you have little
faith yeah okay
all right I got a dua I think I get
enough of this now to start the story to
start okay
you push forward then back quickly for a
nose manual side to side for a similar
it's a for the back for the mech we're
side to side apparently great are you
playing the d-pad all right warehouse
career let's go what do we want
let's do it
joke kitty 0:01 says what was that
fantasy RPG that you both liked ever
gonna play ready it has great mods
there's there's just too many games to
play I don't know that I'm ever gonna
get around to skyvan anytime soon
but I believe the RPG you're thinking of
that we both liked was Dragon's Dogma
that that is true
now it's Dragon's Dogma we both liked it
for very different reasons if I remember
correctly we both liked the exploration
and the the random giant monster fights
oh yeah I don't know what we had a
difference of opinion on if much I'm
saying this is your Dead Rising what
this game Tony Hawk yeah oh no I'm not
nearly as good relatively speaking
here you're just getting back and oh
yeah
they're like there was a time yeah where
this was absolutely my dad right gotta
remember how to get no no nice person
he's up there there was a time where
absolutely this is my Dead Rising I knew
all the moves I had all the unlocks okay
thank you
nope fucking Brian is getting the lead
part of story mode it's extra points to
get all it escape is the story mode yeah
yeah I got it right in time to fall on
your ass that's fine I got it so don't
jump just right up
yeah yeah fuck this on PC or console
right now this is on PC but you can't
it's on Steam but you can't find it on
Steam you have to go to Amazon and buy a
key that they sell on Amazon right to
then input into Steam right to get in
kind of like through the back door
telling you hard times dead rising
there's an idea
zombie zombie skateboarding people you
gotta do sick tricks off the zombies to
kill them there's a skateboard and Dead
Rising but there's not that much in the
way of sick tricks mmm if you have the
skateboard book you can do one jump
alright so do I need to do more to do in
each other I'll fulfill I think I need
to unlock all of these things so I need
a six core I need to find the secret
what's the actual story you know what
maybe this one didn't have an actual
story I might be thinking of later Tony
Hawk's okay which had which had you know
like little career modes where you would
where you would you know like build up
your rep as a skater and and have to
like do tricks for the same for head the
career mode okay well can you get you
get a key on Amazon before
it's okay we're gonna order just gonna
play this out we're gonna get some more
levels if you want me to make full
stream on that oh yeah fuck yeah yeah I
got to figure out some more moves
because right now right now am I like my
only knowing alleys is I gotta figure
out how to do all the special masters
what is okay well you know they're just
getting a little old is what they're
getting and I need a six core I'm not
gonna get it this time you're not gonna
get my six core this time well there's
something floating in the other you
missed when you first went down there
yeah
just kidding I'm getting my Tony Hawk
legs back
so you'll also get less points for
repeated news
nicolai saying you only need one more
unlock at the next one
great hey then I got it I just found the
secret DVD hey level unlock school - we
did it
board unlocked Paris oh gee yeah all
right nonnamous says fight a giant robot
scorpion get your brain back from an
evil scientist and blow up military base
for the space laser another taste of
what you can do in Fallout New Vegas try
it up I got I got some dead rising to
play you're sorry I'm sorry
here it is see these we got a buy you
gotta buy your extra turret we've got a
biome that's amazing
in do I want the Indy front flip though
I thought I was gonna complain to
pricing three for a wild boar that I'm
going to end up playing it
oh the Christ air yes so short no
thought at all it's - that me killing
just like they wanted like just like the
lowest common denominator demanded
all right I can only forward a couple
grabs at the at the moment by Stan's
true-blue review says hey guys I've come
to realize that I'm the rich Evans of my
group of friends any idea on how to best
fit into the part from the man himself
what are the signs for anyone who thinks
they might be one not sure if that's
insulting or not quite frankly
I can't can't give you any tips for you
know being yourself it's just something
you do how to be more like Christmas you
don't want to be like me in which case
then you're definitely being insulting
well right there being a dick dick
Anonymous is rich I know you hate
talking about mass effect but I can't
help but ask but your take on biotics
what was your take on bionics did you
think it was too far-fetched or did you
think it had solid solid logic for
sci-fi space magic now with sci-fi space
magic I like to ignore it as much as I
could
biotics brain powers Jedi powers
basically I feel the same way about
counselor Troi and next gen tales I
never cared much for the these psychic
aliens sure sure that's fair I think
that's fair you know aliens that were
evolved to sense the coming of death
that's a stupid concept
at the pro score you know I write it on
yeah you know I who did what was that oh
that was uh that was Star Trek discovery
right yeah we're we're the first officer
can sense the coming of death it's just
well I just more so that was like
nervous all the time like I get that all
right
well and they kind of explained it right
like you know breeding breeding the most
scared
which XCOM 2 has psychics in fact it's
central to the flock yeah hello
what it is but I wanted
i-in okay specifically in the first
XCOM plus so less so in the newer
ex-cons but Abbi original x-com once
once psychics became a thing oh yeah at
that point your guns just kind of become
meaningless and and it all becomes just
controlling your enemy's brand sure so
I'm gonna say out of the out of the XCOM
games the the original fucking XCOM did
did psychics the most justice it was a
man it really was a game-changer nope
nope wasn't spot kind of telepathic
though yeah he was look I didn't say it
it's a deal-breaker and I will hate
anything little laterally there has any
kind of smattering of a psychic ability
I think that's exactly what you said
it's just usually not my favorite aspect
of science fiction things okay I I find
it easier to excuse the original series
because that that was an era when
science still kind of took it a little
bit seriously they were willing to test
these things in a lab like you heard
about the government doing like you know
remote viewing kind of experiments was
that they tried to use psychics to find
out what those I forget if it was the
Russian you're using them to find out
what we are doing or us using psychics
to find out what the Russians were doing
maybe it was both right and that we
supposedly you know the CIA dabbled in
these things to no effect but
yes MKULTRA
yes stranger things that's that's the
root of stranger things oh that's fun
they didn't they didn't invent that out
of whole cloth that's it's a thing no
effect that you know of rich no effect
that anybody knows him yes I wonder why
that is because the man because the man
controls that information is that why
rich is it because the man controls that
information
so I give the original series of pass
because sixties I'm still well we're
kind of looking into this it was kind of
a thing how'd you why there's a way I
figure I got to remember how nice way to
like get on
listen understand first game
so what's the golf cart guy he's just
there to fuck up your day really yeah
how interesting he's just there to fuck
up your sweet sweet moves do you think
we travel to other stars by sending tiny
spaceships spaceships that can build
robots that we can control and sent
Aeneas lead through quantum entanglement
well no because I think quantum
entanglement is a pipe dream
there's no useable way of communicating
with quantum entanglement
I don't I don't know the details off the
top of my head I heard it before and
then I just left quantum stuff gets
weird quantum stuff does get weird that
is a true statement
the towels made with unity we got we got
great rag dolls quantum computing is a
real thing it's just it's really early
infancy at this point yeah but that
doesn't have anything to do with quantum
entanglement that I know of
quantum entanglement is weird thing take
tiny quantum particle yeah and whatever
it's it's spin is positive or negative
there's a it has an opposite particle
and that spin is always the opposite of
what the the other particle is even if
it's on the other side of the frickin
universe so that other tiny particle is
it has a negative spin then the one on
the other side of the universe is gonna
have a positive spin and vice-versa if
it changes okay I'm with you and how is
that right violates what violates the
speed of light information like
transmitted information instantly but
this I don't know the details for some
reason that just won't practically work
if you want to actually communicate
faster than you there's some kind of
randomization going on you're something
in the spin even though you know the
ones always gonna be the opposite spin I
don't know the details and I'm just
gonna sound stupid if I try to sure know
the details I'm with you
but a reputable scientist will tell you
you can't use this to communicate faster
than light but rich I have faith I don't
need a reputable science well I am a
madam hello basically I'm gonna spend
all my time playing Tony Hawk and become
the best Butz Eric and Michael could do
it yeah that was stupid
it doesn't work because you can't set
the spin all you can do is observe what
the spin is yeah it sounds that sounds
like a peds about right I say with no
authority on the subject whatsoever
and sounds right I think that's the way
to go just go yeah I don't think I'm
gonna figure out get to where I want to
go
a more serious question when will we get
flying cars
probably never you don't want flying
cars the thing we have learned is we
don't want flying cars let's wait
so you know how people drive like idiots
now they have airplanes okay now all of
them have airplanes and they fly like
idiots we've basically we've we've found
something that has Netflix to us we were
all expecting okay culture argument okay
we're soon going to be at the point
where we have self-driving cars
yes what if you have to sell flying the
cars that see now you're talking and
that's where I was getting with my we've
Netflix ourselves which is we found
something we didn't even know we wanted
which is self-driving cars I think no
matter what with flying cars you're
gonna deal with an infrastructure issue
where where are our Airways aren't
necessarily built to handle traffic and
so now you're talking about completely
restructuring how we handle traffic
which is a big ass yeah but if everybody
has a self-driving car and literally
none of that will matter because we can
watch TV while our car drive this place
yes so we won't even care about flying
cars anymore like like well think about
this you know you're you're going to the
movie theater and you have your flying
car you got a little hand at the movie
theater or do you're gonna have to land
it you're like designated landing strip
and then drive to the movie theaters
depends upon the nature of the how you
how you
and if it can hover and go maybe you can
land right in a parking space yeah okay
here's here's where you would have an
advantage with flying cars or even with
self-driving cars you're still going to
have traffic a lot of people in a very
small area yeah flying you know flying
cars those those four lanes of traffic
once you start stacking them one on top
of the other that's like a hundred lanes
of traffic uh-huh
you would get places much quicker plus
you wouldn't have to worry about
following roads you would take the
shortest possible destination a straight
lock sure but what I'm saying is I don't
even think people will people will not
care about traffic now as soon as we
have self-driving cars traffic is no
longer an issue if a commute in a flying
car yeah is 20 minutes as opposed to a
commute and a self-driving car which is
still that's an hour for a long future
you'll want the flying car nope you'll
care about that forty minutes you're
sitting in the car even if you just
watch some TV you'll care about that I
don't think you will I wouldn't I
wouldn't argue traffic is more of an
issue in 3d if people were driving yes
if computers are handling this shit and
see like to me that's what Matt's what
makes this entire argument almost a moot
point because you're are you're only
arguing for planes if we have
self-driving cars I'm arguing for speed
as long as its self-driving yes yeah so
the argument is yes self-driving is a
thing yeah the advantage of flying cars
of speed I mean I think at that point
though we're gonna care far less okay
assuming self-driving technology is to a
place where people what am I saying it's
it's ubiquitous a lot of people have it
we it's much like Netflix it is going to
restructure the way people think about
what they want everyone thought they
wanted high-definition content until
Netflix says what if you could have all
people think they want less time in
traffic what they really want is just
more time in general okay is what I'm
thinking okay we got to play this again
no no no a sir this is not turning out
to be a great run basically what you
know what I'm doing here is I'm just
trying to like plan out my moves you do
that you do that so you know we're gonna
spend a little time on this halfpipe
here and fail fail fail sit anonymous
says do you have any option opinions
about captions / subtitles I had an
argument with a few friends where I said
it ruins the performances because I
finished reading the line before the
actor delivers it yeah I'd agree
I don't like subtitles but I need them
because currents really weird about TV
being too loud the volume she wants the
TV with and this is subtitles versus
what not being able to hear it is it for
my case oh no what was their question
ruins the experience of hearing the
actors performance because you've read
the line before the actors instead of
speaking yeah yeah
that'll be helpful need a goal
it was an expensive my I spent too long
fuckin around
that was better bedroom yeah like if
it's in your language
I hate subtitles like it clutters the
screen your eyes are going down to read
and not paying attention to the shot I'm
not a big fan of subtitles even for
foreign films because it diverts your
attention away from the shop and instead
of like watching an actor's face when
they're giving like a gut-wrenching line
of dialogue you're reading the dialogue
usually for a foreign movie I will
actually watch it twice once with the
subtitles on just so I can you know
understand what it's about and then once
with the overdub on just so I can pay
attention to the visuals
how did why did you grind magical trevor
37 says hey Jack
thanks again free Suzie asta Khalil
eeping at my suggestion to play Tony
Hawk later it would be cool if you
brought in a ps2 and Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater 3 is what I'm assuming those
initials mean for or underground they're
the best
thanks again jack is too busy playing
Tony Hawk to acknowledge too busy being
sick Wow oh my god the speed is
unbearable man who says Jack and rich
thanks for all the years of quality
entertainment would you agree that the
true plot of the Star Wars saga is the
story of three generations of people
hating on c-3po as they should
c-3po wasn't around long enough to hate
the prequels just gonna showed up same
MO same of the new ones so no I wasn't
here I mean he was in the new ones cameo
well they tell me shut up yeah and the
new ones they tell c-3po to shut up
there's crocodile brain says good
evening gentle as holes when well rlm
cover samurai cop - I thought it was
astoundingly awful that had to turn it
off definitely will be the best of the
worst nominee to be destroyed nope yeah
you know cuz they're trying to talk they
were in a joke that ruins it they were
they were absolutely in on the joke they
knew they were making a bad movie and it
ruined it
ruined that movie remember bad movies
are are fun when the people involved
tried yes when they tried to make a good
movie that's when it becomes funny
that's why it becomes funny right I got
a I got a pay attention to my goals oh
there is the last okay we are only
getting keys only worried about keys
right now
yeah getting them keys
izabel ever stop huh I think that's just
cuz I kept getting shit excuse me the
lamppost okay got the keys it fell down
minute left maybe I can get these camped
a wall ride the Bell was one of my
children right I remember
and I think those those belfry he's
telling me like that unbalancing yummy
mama says all the great TV these days
why hasn't there been a great original
sci-fi starship show like you walking
dead for us ships the expanse the
expanse is there and it's great
is that a ship like like the enterprise
they get a ship I thought that was more
just a future politics thing it's a
little bit it's it's the exploits of one
ship
well the Gish you okay okay oh it's the
Firefly is that the most recent one
that's a new property higher fly that's
a new property the well then do as
possible promise that's not like the new
Star Trek another Star Trek show
riah is bad well the Orville
oh the so the the expanse doesn't
necessarily follow the exploits of one
ship but it does follow the exploits of
one crew that eventually find the ship
okay but it's not like you know the ship
you know III understand what you're
saying like like in TNG kind of in all
the Star Trek's besides the discovery
this ship is the binding material that
brings all these people together okay
I found all the hall passes let's see if
I can find if I can find all
this time I'm gonna go for all the
letters this time
mama says would you guys download a
Carmen Sandiego game for Steam I played
those as a little kid and I can't
remember how hard they were how much of
a tip for two hours of Dragonball that's
just two different things how much of a
tip for two hours with Dragonball
fighters you scream I don't know
$3,000 three times
up there's a whole world up I don't know
about I don't know how to get to yet I'm
being super lame and I'm just kind of
like looking for all the letters
anonymous is rich I'm constantly
impressed by how much you know about
science I have a PhD in evolutionary
biology how do you keep up pops I books
also how did you learn to build things
eg you will think it over well well the
building things that's just necessity we
need a thing yeah I need to figure out
how to make it right
necessity is the mother of invention as
far as science I've I've just always
found science interesting and I I just
pick up things back when discovery was
still a oh that my channel that did
science and not bad reality shows
I would watch shit like the universe
constantly or whatever documentary they
would have about this or that
and I don't know I don't know that I'm
always that knowledgeable because I got
some of the gist but I think I just had
a very poor grasp of the details of
quantum entanglement earlier right I can
do a little I knew a little but I hardly
call myself an expert on the subject
yeah but I used to love discovery and
the History Channel discovery was great
that's what I'd be watching at any given
time discovery was just went you could
just put that on the background and then
like pick up like a shark's mating cycle
oh really I always loved the how it was
made shows just like watching watching
massed machinery make coat hangers or
whatever yeah that was always great
agreed
all right we've unlocked Mythbusters
didn't ruin discovery because edits hurt
Mythbusters is about the scientific
method is what this guy is what
Mythbusters is about
yeah Mythbusters was all part of
discovery and but they were an
infotainment hypothesis testing theory
and sometimes their theory was not
correct and they showed you why it was
not correct and sometimes it was and
they showed you why no Mythbusters was
fantastic
I mean they're testing silly things sure
but they're using you know vaguely
scientific methods noting a vaguely
scientific residents let's put it to the
test
yeah no sir Mythbusters is great
the two main guys and Mythbusters hated
each other
I felt so lied to coworkers and I don't
think that's true
coworkers don't always love each other
well they said they didn't especially
love each other well they're not they're
not close friends they're not besties
yeah they're very different people
oh yeah and by the way that was one of
my favorite parts of the show is they
were very different people
and I would I loved watching that those
barrels I was watching them butt heads
at the end of the day it does sound like
they respect each other so right barrels
of barrels barrels barrels
said barrels right now
No Mythbusters is not about fun
that's what makes miss Russell
Mythbusters special Susan's great miss
Mythbusters was great
y'all are crazy
yeah
by the way if you're if you're feeling
wistful for the old days of
discovery.com there's a thing now called
curiosity string okay earnest know it's
a streaming service that does science
stuff really yeah that sounds great
it might be worth looking into that that
actually sounds really fantastic they're
trying to be Netflix for science okay
we're doing is looking for barrels we're
just looking for barrels now
we got wake up wake up
idiot doctor lube it up says someone who
has spent hundreds of hours over the
past few years and self-driving farm
machinery yeah you need TV to watch to
prevent batshit insane boredom from
setting in really I really I really want
that guy try from the big thresher the
big harvesting fresher to not pay you
paying any attention to what's in front
of huh that's what I want that's that's
the future man that's the future you
know why
robots can do it better robots can do it
way better than that person robots
aren't gonna get into an accident that
person's gonna get into an accident hit
three hang time gaps nosegrind over the
pipe the pipe
mr. the kid lime says has there ever
been an instance of tasteful nudity on
the best of the worst and if not what
was the most worst slash most fortuitous
well it's all been the most gratuitous
because it's best of the worst
there's no I don't know what kind of
movies you think we watch that's like
asking is there any tasteful movies on
best Wars the answer is no we don't
watch tasteful movies on best of the
worst we launched best of the worst
movies
that's not especially something I want
to go through my mind and find the worst
example some do without that we go think
about the movie stuff maybe the most
uncomfortable right
I'm saying I don't know if this has the
full I don't know if this has the full
soundtrack there's something I haven't
heard yet that I've been waiting to hear
Jerry was a racecar driver by Primus
that was a mainstay
it's a big
oh I was close to the throw score
going for that probe score
doing a great job of it either
did you skate much in Hill no God I
blade it I was a blader I was a I was a
rollerblader
that's a kid that was my main mode of
transportation
before before I had a car and I have
tried to skateboard exactly a couple
times and fell all over my shit both
times it is not a pretty sight I never
had no it's it's intense it's a it takes
it takes a special kind of loon it takes
a special kind of crazy person but it
takes a real a real ballsy person to to
pick up a skateboard as far as I'm
concerned
once again just that pro score we're
grinding we need more grinding
duck jack you have six six sixes have
you guys seen evil a jury crime of good
time if not I highly recommend both the
two best movie from last year in my
opinion Oh or are they I got a smudge
here G major E prime or a good time I
actually had a actually literally had a
little smudge in the minor the made that
all look like a no okay wait so what are
the two movies a major E prime or good
time I don't think I've heard of either
of those movies I haven't either
I've not heard of any of those movies
sorry
I forgot the new level hey we got the
new level that's all that matters we got
the mall free skating a little bit learn
the mall I've heard of good burgers and
anything like that it's just like yeah
it's just like good burger
oh my god you died
13,000 points just for that that's what
is the skateboard zombie game coming out
apparently we're making it itself you
think it's just a gimmick yeah
skateboarding around somebody's doing
tricks tricks off of zombies I think
that's the real key you need to figure
out so here's the quote you know
skateboarders out seed boarding is all
about this forward momentum right so how
do you translate that into killing
zombies how do you set up your zombie
environments enough so that the zombies
are always encouraging forward movement
that's the question say there's a zombie
cheat in scape 3
okay
bring the noise rich alright and the run
and let's yeah let's do career mode oh
no no just like remembering time
well no no just for the mall why I guess
oh because like they were saying you
know there was there's no there is no
like career mode like you know it
apparently that's a Tony Hawk what did
they say underground where were you like
work your way up in the ranks that's the
next game I got to find a back door on
on PC is Tony Hawk underground or tony
hawk 3 or whatever they said it was
before
so just the the original Tony Hawk this
is the original family huh just with an
HD remake yeah this is the one you
played
oh I played home one day stop makeup I
don't know
till well today like someone who is in
charge of the thing went on to make
skates and remember they remember like
they had that weird peripheral no I I
don't but this wasn't the gym right they
had a they had an actual like a
skateboard you know back in the in a the
guitar hero hey Dena huh I can see that
where everyone wanted a peripheral they
they actually any moment I know but I
want it to work so we're gonna get
momentum I understand that back in the
in the good old peripheral days they
tried to make a skateboarding game with
a little skateboard and no one wanted it
no one wanted
and that's signal the end of the
franchise or something oh I don't it's
been a while
it has officially been a while so I'm
saying that car wasn't in the original
set an actual cars at an advertisement
Oh God
how many of you fine folks have a closet
full of plastic instruments oh man that
was all the rage that was all the rage
back in the day who can have the coolest
peripheral for the new gaming experience
so was it it was it's Kate
it was more the peripheral didn't work
for sure is that what it was
Reed pence
like I said I don't really remember fuck
you I don't remember I didn't get the
peripheral I didn't have it
but well whoa they have some physics for
you
oh thanks unity
like that's how you get the point to
grind that you do this nose manual and
then you do a trick off of it and then
you grind again scoring points is fun
rich oh that's right you start this
level over here
everything's fine guys everything's flat
always are well I didn't break every
bone in them but we're going back up
we're going back up that's fine we're
going back up guys weirdo hmm
Jackie you can see the song play oh damn
it you know what I wonder if I could see
the song playlist
I wonder if I need to like quite a pay
to unlock it thing what what Richard
play please I have no idea what I'm
doing
wait cheats cheats and unlocks what
staple all currently these are the
cheats
those are cheats that you can apparently
get I don't see any options for that it
says I just wanted to say thank you to
the whole RL improve getting me through
a bunch of crap in the last few years I
love how you all do what you love also
did you hear DC Universe Online is free
JK that's crazy
ringmaster ro dentist says hey guys been
watching since Octodad and it's been a
lot of fun I'm doing a b-movie festival
in April and wanted to know if you two
could film a little something for it no
film enough dude
wait I think I just saw that I can do a
front-flip it's a nice drawing was it
you feel that watching bad Louis's any
negative effects the pizza guy I did the
pizza guy rige watch it still learn how
to do it
I did the pizza guy why is this music so
crap the game came out a while ago not
saying that music was crap a while ago
but you know it's just no music well
that's the other thing is like the the
soundtrack is filled with kind of like
alternative rock hip-hop lesser-known
like that punk pop where you know it was
kind of like this is the music that
skaters listen to this is the music we
could get a hold of also this music so
super cheap
I do more pizza guys and then go back up
your big pizza guy happiness
that's my favorite trick is the pizza
guy Valentine that's time
oh he's gonna manual my way there then a
pizza guide now that I know that I can
do that it doesn't stop when the time
runs out as long as you're in the middle
of it we've got a trick combo I think
you can grind past the timer and it says
like if you are mid trick it won't like
kick you and so like a way to cheese it
a way to cheese it is to like you know
get an extra long grind
no way Shh right feeling pretty good
excuse me look you have to be able to
make it onto that top oh of course you
do right maybe this guy's just stop
isn't that the speed this guy baby for
the hang time or the hang time you can
you can raise your status well and I
think doing tricks makes you go faster
can you can you unlock new skaters yes
do you have any of your skaters oh nice
what but not nice I jumped off we're
going again rich you do it you need to
do I'm gonna get that hidden DVD
got it I got it that's all that matters
yes I got it Oh didn't account it look
like it didn't disappear today and yeah
I think I just figured out something
think I figured out something oh it's
not the hidden tape deck anymore you
used to be a tape deck cassette tape or
something another skater video oh is
that what it was because that's you know
skaters are well known for making their
own skate video yeah yeah that they are
and so you'd have to find like big it
shouldn't be the hidden youtube link
then now yes
- that's a fucking special meter
it's on trust with you
apparently it's mr. prime elevator she
needs someone special to do some of the
tricks that's what it was yeah like I've
been trying to figure out why I haven't
been able to do my pizza man it's
because that was my special and I need
to build up my special meter
noise man pizza man Wow the small is
awesome
no people well that's just like a modern
mall Tony Hawk ahead of its time out of
its time
okay wait
select skater select so in his in the
skate shop I think I figure it out so
these are all like the different moves
you can do and you can assign new moves
to these buttons of course they're
giving you the buttons for what the
keyboard controls are so I just need to
know that question mark backslashes be
okay and so these are these are the
moves you can do tail grab is back and
grab the side and grab all that stuff
right and then you can buy new ones
I go to my specials this one is pizza
grab is back and left
and I can't afford anything else
where's the blood of enron goose what is
that thing I don't understand this it's
very you don't have to crocodile brain
says dying to know what are your
thoughts on the Orval I love the first
six or so episodes so far and I'm able
to look past the occasional dumb joke at
this Fox as it raises some deep ethical
questions
I like the Orville but it's raising the
exact same episodes that the original
series in next-gen aired you know 20 40
50 years but how I get heard the
argument that moments it's a new
audience that hasn't seen those done
there could be an entire like Family Guy
audience that was just following Seth
MacFarlane there's probably uh there's
probably a decent which is finally
turning to Mike said no no
like I've never I'm not the orbital
isn't perfect but I still like it
I don't particularly like discovery like
at all so
what it's what are you doing man another
splash behind seven episodes in this
country kind what's that's what you want
absolutely you think I'm your own things
Oh what figured out how to do a
front-flip
run flip oh wow I figured out idea front
flip I like the way your special meters
instantly disappears yeah they know
I'm remembering how to play this game
now this is fucking
like I'm failing I'm failing oh my god
the ending is right there's the point to
get to the ending though or is the point
to get the score this is the point here
is to get the spoiler
oh that was a good job doc damn it I
wanted redo that random Tiki questions
thoughts on rich chose son of spending I
grew up with this son of Svengoolie
enriched chose I I don't I don't know
what I'd give you the many more details
than that money I think he only went
national somewhat recently when they did
what's he on a UTV or so I'm gonna need
to be something around spend girly oh
yeah they didn't they didn't they show
him up here yeah when you were a kid
it's been going yeah oh yes finger okay
you might want to explain who spend
ghuli is for people who don't know he
doesn't go he hosts like a show like
Elvira style yes he hosts monster movies
on TV goofy comedy monster show host
yeah so he chill monster movie and he
behave like little skits to go along
with it and and play like the weird B
horror movies not necessarily bad horror
movies but yeah be definitely be I
really didn't think he was seen outside
of he might be local to Chicago but he
was made it up here oh oh he was up here
we're not that far away
do it for long fucking time now
long fucking time to be spend or late
you got you got a gig man you get what
are you gonna do say no well then over
the years when he wasn't spent goalie he
he hosted the Three Stooges had like
4:00 in the morning for a while
I don't think I don't think we're
getting um I don't think well I don't
think we're gonna get Primus I don't
think Primus approved a proof soundtrack
for the HD remake you're saying he had
some new years but when Svengoolie was
doing the Three Stooges he was doing it
on Fox he's probably making more money
doing that than he was a spend Uli
what everything site word on so that a
scale of 1-10 how much of a scum am I
for dating a married woman totally
understand if you don't want to answer
but if you won't read can you please
give me at least a number answer I don't
I don't know all of the details of your
situation but based on everything I know
which is very little it sounds pretty
damn stomach you know yeah dude yeah
here's the thing here's the thing no
matter what your part you're part of a
you're part of a cheating situation yeah
married or not let's just even say she
has a boyfriend yeah
even if she approaches you and it's like
yeah this is for me now this isn't about
my husband or my whatever like you are
still part of a cheating relationship if
you know about it you just have to
decide how comfortable you are with it
if you're like wow she came up to me
like she's cheating not me well you're
still part of the cheating yeah dog all
right I'm gonna come straight on
collecting stuff so I can get to a new
level I've been on the mall for three
like Alexis Kate
yes there's the kid hey probably lying
anyway it's a weird thing to lie about I
don't know I don't know what you get out
of that making us talk about that I
don't know ah the previously recorded
guys think I'm having an affair with a
married woman
yeah I don't think there's I don't
necessarily think there's a lot in that
for it
well I made that
cheating is favoring our DNA
lifetime partnership is not a thing from
those primates I've handled it okay I've
been I've been fine here's the thing
like you if by the way I'm gonna I'm
gonna call you out on that dog that's
that is like classic like cheater line
number one right which is like hey we're
just not by nature we're not we're not
faithful beings right then you shouldn't
be in the social contract that it's a
contract that is a relationship if you
want to say like primates aren't aren't
men for one only one person then don't
get in a relationship well that person
said that person isn't cheating is okay
okay you want it you want to spread your
seed then you spread it man but once
you're in a relationship you are in a
social contract all right so now we're
gonna try to smash all of the directory
signs I think I think enough people get
through their life without cheating on
their significant others where you're
full of a bullshit
my friend
whoo
great then the directories is the name
of the game we are that's that's not a
thing that's a wise man once said
marriage is the starting pistol to death
the only man who look forward to
settling down finding someone right for
me you're you're standing next to
someone who's been married for a very
long time sitting I suppose technics
when you were young though did you think
you'd be sleeping around are you looking
forward yeah
all the ladies oh there was a point yeah
there's a point yeah sounds nice I'd
like to find the one for me that was me
when I was younger you know I don't know
if there's ever I'll find the one for me
moment
obviously there was cuz I found the one
for me but no I don't know if I ever
really thought about it I don't know if
I ever liked it but if it ever was just
like a I guess I don't know if I ever
thought about it the one for me
what is this 2018 so we're coming up on
this will be 12 years married for me oh
my god this would be 12 years married
but it's 18 years together 12 years
married in 18 years together that's a
very long time one one last proof that
one last one last tip okay from fiery
dog poop that came out here
fiery dog poop what if Mike with all of
his knowledge of Star Trek novia was
transported to the Star Trek universe
it's made a commander of shampo well or
badly what'd he do I know
so like knowledge of how seen plenty of
movies about like military commandos I
couldn't run out the field and and kill
a bunch of people you know you know yeah
this is the thing I can memorize all the
moves of Tony Hawk pro skater but you
put my ass on a skateboard and it won't
work the same you've seen Galaxy Quest
this is the point of the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this a very
extreme much like sir zdenka of whale
they are wait very our god Mario that's
it why are seventy seven four twenty
four fucking months in a row says Happy
Birthday
thanks for although after you crazy kids
young
articles for 14 months in a row who says
obligatory fuck you it's January
notification since this is a PSA to do
your taxes that's true
and for all you small businesses out
there make sure you get all your w-2
forms out they need to be out by the end
of January if you have any employees or
private contractors you've got to get
that
information out by the end of January
it's legally required oh my god Nauticus
for 14 months in a row says you just
want you just right I noticed relax it's
all good
where's andis says I shouldn't have
eaten seafood for dinner because now I
am feeling a little yield King iron
snake 3 3 mores I think with some lead 3
tzatzi's let's clever them maybe well
plaid perhaps 78 arcticus racks for 16
months in a row who says have you guys
ever had Domino's it's at deep cut it's
all the reference old story but oh I
just remember it and I love it
datum crap you guys ever had a man oh
yeah like the southbound we're gonna
we're gonna go out and we're gonna have
the best burger that you've ever had a
mecca done ELLs
alright suggest 222 incas e99 for 17
months in a row says oh my god I
actually caught a live stream hi fellas
hello hello total lammer I don't know
total lamer who says I have nothing
interesting to say because you're a
total lamer don't you all hobbit
kaleidoscopic 20 who says hi rich and
Jack if you could choose one device or
piece of technology from a TV show or
movie and to keep and use what would it
be
yeah and you have to keep it a secret
here's this is I'm putting a twist on it
because you're already thinking about
ways to sell it no I'm thinking about
ways I can stay young forever young and
healthy
now you're talking rich what will grant
me virtual immortality that's what I'm
thinking well piece of technology that
you can transfer your brain into another
body maybe maybe I don't know off the
top of my head I'm gonna say replicator
huh just cuz you know like free food for
everyone ever that kind of technology is
great
okay what's number two
now I'm thinking about this young for
everything what keeps us young forever
dead hearty thank you I'm sorry it's an
interesting question but I'm very tired
yes and it's hard to think
cheapo left for 16 months in a row miss
toots for 13 months a neurosis to that
walrus tooth the brush ankle dink says
seems good Bengal baht sausage toes for
37 motherfucking months in a row K nee
for 13 months in a row who says best
thing about being a ditz is learning how
to announce your sub Oh comically
similar name of the same name
Chaya Mayo says hey guys the true Mac
this is hey guys I think some kind of
wiring got crossed that's interesting
that's some kind of glitch that's a
glitch in the matrix there are some
glitches somebody subscribes and then
the person under them left a message and
then in between there's the previous
person that's subscribed with the
message from the person under them
that's what that is that's weird and
forget about it the true bank says hey
guys I grid we just read that one broom
and I just read it again because I'm
tired mother of all pork says voy hi yo
Hodge branch at 4:30 two fucking months
in a row says I somehow missed the memo
about manually Rees absque writing
started seeing those darn ads when my
sub expired
please take my money so I can watch you
guys in peace Hagar McGregor Katherine
Neff fear
says seems good sort of thing see look
here's another one is it a thing
here's another seems good one all one
word that's the weird thing it seems
good hey guys all one-word no-spaces our
tips are possessed it's for subs are
possessed it's fine right it's fine
load up for 14 months in a row we're
seeing the word but that's the emote
okay so they're doing this and that's
the emote that we're not seeing on the
truck sure okay you go to your thing
where were you
load of those probes won't be here when
you read this but was amused when
Yahtzee referenced fuck you it's January
and the latest zero punctuation oh
that's crazy thing good old yeah oh
speaking of yeah Yahtzee yeah I'm about
halfway through the audiobook version of
his latest book you mentioned this
earlier I mentioned this but before we
started streaming yeah I think I'm
listening to his latest book we'll save
the galaxy for food and he does the
narration for his own audiobook and it
is absolutely goddamn delightful I would
only imagine he does good narration well
I'm beyond his really great narration
the story is very nice yeah it's it's a
funny story good characters I think he's
come a long way as a writer I've read
all of his books but listening to him
tell his own story
it's basically an eight hour of freeform
Yahtzee Jam if you're unfamiliar Yahtzee
is an online personality yeah who does a
thing called zero punctuation where he
does video game reviews yes and he's
very good at them and he's very yeah
he's very good at them he's very witty
and clever and he's written this is his
third book will save the galaxy for food
and if you can find the audio book
version it's the best I've been really
enjoying it uh let's see here revolver
Ott's sell out
that's fine
Rolla fuck cats oh man yeah
Rolla fuck a Rolla fication man ooh nice
it says read those Nemo
Alfred Cheech says hey Jack and Richie
guys for I don't remember me but I'm the
guy named Noah you both poked fun at a
few months ago a few months back but now
figuring out how to work twitch but I
have to say I was honored to be riffed
on by YouTube PS love of the stream oh
you're welcome
I'm not sure if it was but you're
welcome some sort of Noah epic Noah riff
probably can't flu eat my sandwich
salary seven crocodile brain for 39
motherfucking months in a row I've never
tired what kind of millennial name is
Noah was that it maybe I think I
remember that let's see here a crocodile
brain says hey guys thanks for another
great stream it's always fun to see
someone land on their face and break all
their freaking bones any plans for
Valentine's Day keep up the good work
no I don't celebrate Valentine's Day
absolutely okay absolutely not I've
refused to for most of the relationship
with my wife and it's it's just a thing
now like Valentine's Day is an app so
like any holiday that has been made up
in my lifetime is not a real holiday you
thinking of love day oh well you know
what maybe it was sweetest day that took
me over the edge as soon as they
announced sweetest day I said I'm done
with all yeah yeah I don't want any of
it that's what it was I was okay with
Valentine's Day I did Valentine's Day
and then they they did sweetest day and
then and then as soon as you admit
that's horseshit
time's days gotta go - as far as I'm
concerned utter horseshit I hate it it's
it's a dumb holiday
I spend my I spend my entire year you
know showing love and respect for my
significant other I don't mean a fucking
day for that sorry pig pinched a nerve
nearly a year of talking about movies
and our star trek with you guys we're
sorry Don Buckwald Cosmo Chester 434
fucking months in a row says this day
you're still the only stream I bothered
to follow to this day keep up the good
work
you said to this day twice and I just
sent an awkward and then for those in
chat who might not remember the end or
not in America I don't know if this was
a global thing some people got together
some corporations got together gift card
corporation flower people Hallmark and
decided to create what essentially was
Valentine's Day part two called sweetest
day to give a little something to a
sweetheart that's made up it was a
made-up holiday that was made up in our
lifetime where they tried where they
tried to Punk shit hey you can buy more
sweets for you sweets and no one fell
for it it's it's has since gone away has
it I haven't really paid any attention
sweetest day has gone the way of the
dodo I suppose I haven't heard anything
about it but
where we up where that's a great
question we do you know the exact of the
axes Oh
Dom I did down Buckwald I didn't Cosmo
gesture I think okay then we got then we
got Kamran Mitchell's ghost Theodore J
hooker for 41 motherfucking months in a
row a cul ki avatar he says seems good
son of celluloid says hey guys I got
mijo in spite of y'all's review and I
now fucking despise that game keep up
the great work
I might actually listen we tried to tell
you man I know a lot of people lost
their shit over neo they loved it but it
was no no we just try to speak from our
hearts Landen 9k Jack La Push Key says
nothing since an emoji that we told you
that I can't see veggie 64 for 21
fucking months in a row that guy Nicky
rebel of old hunter 75 says hey guys hey
guys
and that's 85 who says thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really so no see I think I think
you had the wrong take on this you were
supposed to read the tip saying thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it it's true we really do and then I
would give the actual that's true we
really appreciate
