Jul 18, 2018
Orcs Must Die!
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/286449618
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/286449619
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWJkrAjbqL0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acKv6FlhTL8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1019674900586549248

[Part I]
a difficult thing to do right just in
general I just minimized it's right
there yeah hello or something hey
everybody we're rich were early yeah
we're on top of it today happens every
now and then it's crazy to think about
us being on time or early so so last
time you played something you hated I
didn't I didn't hate it I I didn't enjoy
it I still don't know why you even
wanted to play it perspective you
thought it was gonna be an uncharted
side gamer yes
you don't like uncharted five games
correct
why to see if I was right all right all
right I
I often talk about you know me I talk
about uncharted I talk about Laura the
the newer Laura Croft series a lot and a
lot of that was based on assumptions
okay I could gameplay footage I've seen
things I've heard from other people and
so but now I know for sure so when I you
know in the future when I talk about the
Lara Croft reboot yeah I can speak with
authority okay I know yeah you think
that's important they're saying it's
Laura not Laura
Lara whatever anyway I think that's
important is every once in a while too
to just you know play something that I
wouldn't normally play who knows it
could be a thing right it could you do
it maybe I love maybe I would have loved
it who knows all right who knows what
rich
so yeah that's uh that's all because I
was playing now works must die recently
um put me in the mood for another game
where you just killed massive amounts of
it works and this is the shooter right
this is the third person third person
shooter yes we've played this before
yeah okay cool this is just some casual
kind of in the mood for it absolutely
absolutely you know like all I've wanted
to play recently and I've had a little
bit of free time here and there yeah the
only thing I want to play is rocket link
yeah
that's it and I it's like no I have like
a good couple hours I should really get
a few more missions in Witcher and
nope.avi only thing my brain like I
immediately go to rocket leaves get
every single time and I can't quite
explain it I'm just in a mood we made
that new button we made a special button
made a special button just to show and
hide the game which we do is sometimes
well there you go
doesn't nobody missus anything there was
some intro text right about the port
look you got the guy this is perfect
time enough space brains need to do
something Bob them orcs
it's lovely it's a it's a this is a this
is lovely size 5 just just Co marrying
with fantasy yeah more more so than Star
Wars even oh yeah no Star Wars is just
fantasy this is this is a beautiful
marriage you think there are more
science fiction elements and Warhammer
from the little I've seen of it I would
assume so I it seems like their worlds
building is eons beyond anything Star
Wars has I I'm guessing that there is
some flavor text that explains how their
machines works and what all the things
do would I be correct in that assumption
there are what machines are they they
explain how the machines what I'm not
bad deep in the damn lore
I'm really not okay
I know I know about the figurines I know
it's a tabletop game yes this is really
the only Warhammer game I've played mmm
through I've started playing the dawn of
war oh and then it was a real-time
strategy game so that didn't last too
long right yeah
that's the best part even the 40k
characters don't know how the machines
work yeah okay so maybe it is a little
more on the face oh they have their
machines they put like little blessings
on them with my wax stamp with like a
prayer sheet hanging down from it that's
great
you know what that's great
the green screen could use a little
flexing but I'm not gonna fuck with it
now I don't that bad it's fine it'll you
know it'll be fine as the green screen
didn't turned on the light is on on the
green screen that oh come on do I really
need to adjust some buttons here no no I
do what like middle of grab move is not
working
Oh Oh II need to just though I thought
you were asking if you need to do it
just the green screen I was gonna say no
shit but if you need to adjust some less
and re rebinding I think I think I need
to leave actual the actual freakin game
before let me do that unfortunately oh
that's too bad
yeah god damn it quit mission yeah yeah
I mean you're not too far in that's all
right
that's alright rich it's fine you're
right jackpot everything's fine all the
time I know why it forces me to leave
the game before I could adjust that but
that's who you know that's that's a
mystery of coding that only people who
know how to code will know I'm sure it
has something to do with initializing
something yeah I watched Mister Rogers
neighborhood growing up I think
everybody did you know I'm just going
easy for a casual playthrough referring
everyone gets your panties in a bunch
I've eaten this unnormal rich there
multiple times I know they're already
Bunch
I know would you watch from mr. Rogers
neighborhood growing up not really
really yeah no I did I've heard nothing
but phenomenal things about the
documentary I've heard nothing with
phenomenal things about him as a human
being also him well that's kind of the
phenomenal part of the country it's like
it's a you always thought that Mister
Rogers was like the greatest guy and as
it turns out he was even better and it's
just you know like personal stories and
of just him being a good dude you know
I haven't seen it I don't I'm not I'm
not really gonna go out of my way to see
it I'll probably wait till it gets to
video-on-demand
by me cuz just you know I'm gonna enjoy
it but I don't enjoy it enough to pay
like $10 to see it you know you know
said in theaters now I believe it's in
theaters okay and I Karen wanted to see
that it's you know Milwaukee's never the
first to get any movie we're making a
movie with Tom Hanks as mr. Rogers I
think that's new they're making they're
making they're making both things are
the documentary why I'm not I'm not I
didn't like mistakingly think they were
making movie but they really just made a
documentary both of them are things that
have been made or at least one of them
is being made one of them is one of them
is still in the rumor / pre-production
phase I believe okay so I don't I don't
know if we've seen any like a trailer or
any like production stills from the Tom
Hanks one the documentary will probably
be better
oh god but I don't think that's bad
casting well Tom Hanks who is also just
the best that's a that's a very similar
thing you hear about Tom Hanks is oh
he's just the best yeah
but yeah the documentary is supposed to
be fantastic
know what I heard from our chat what
before that originally Forrest Gump was
gonna be played by John Travolta I'm
just thinking doesn't that just ruin the
movie doesn't that movie just lose all
like it lived the movie you've cast hot
dive John Travolta as Forrest Gump
uh-huh the movie loses 80% of its heart
just instantly without a doubt I'd like
there's no if ands or buts about it
John Travolta on his best day is no
Tommy no I
I agree that he could play stupid ha ha
no he's too stupid to play stupid he did
he can't even do that I don't think he
has it in him yeah that's that's my
movie going money and time is gonna go
see sorry to bother you have you heard
about that no oh man it's it's the indie
movie it squares dead again I'm talking
about still oh no no no the whole
different thing but we can we can stay
in Travolta if you like his career is
dead again yes he's back to making awful
awful schlock yeah you know he's still
around though it's it's not it's not
like before pulp fiction where he was
just gone well that's not entirely true
it's mostly true but it's not entirely
true just hanging out those look who's
talking movies well that was like life
support for that dude we got a heartbeat
give me 50 cc's of putting Tarantino you
know Quentin Tarantino was the the
radical surgeon who came in at the last
minute I've I've a risky and dangerous
operation that's either gonna kill him
or turn him superhuman for five years
but it's mostly risky and dangerous for
my movie that's true that's really true
I think Tarantino could have made gold
from he's too talented
he'd make gold from it even if Travolta
gave a shitty performance but no they're
the the new like indie movie to watch
recently is a movie called sorry to
bother you and it is this surreal comedy
about a there we go making their way in
the world of telemarketing and just by
the trailer alone it looks phenomenal
it's gonna have some really neat visuals
so sorry to bother you is the movie to
see if you got time to see the movie
it's this yes it's this year's get out
it's the indie movie to fawn over it's
gonna be great or suck I don't know I
haven't seen again it looks great
so I'm excited to see that yeah I'm
excited to see that one I have in the
interim rich okay to start off the
conversations tonight I'm gonna I'm
gonna bring this back around but what I
want to pull I want to plant the seed
into you did you ever watch mr. show no
I heard about it but you know David
Cross Bob Odenkirk sketch comedy show
from long-lost ago mr. show is this you
know wonderful absurd and incredibly
well-written sketch comedy show it is
also a sketch comedy show that I have
never once laughed at all right be with
me here right because every sketch is so
clever like the writing is really clever
and interesting and all the sketches you
just go wow that's super funny I get
that but I never laughed at it it was it
never made me laugh it was too clever to
make me laugh too clever for its own
good
well you know like there's one of those
that's it's a famous old Mel Brooks
saying wit is shit funny is money it it
doesn't matter how witty you are if
you're if you're not making people laugh
it doesn't count right okay so I took
some time here and I watched a couple
more episodes of The Venture Brothers
okay I watched the two episodes you told
me to watch okay the one with the the
garage sale uh-huh and the one with the
ghosts yes and I have come to the
conclusion that it is a very clever show
okay that I don't that you don't like it
and you know what that's fine jack I I
hear you that's fine yeah and I think a
lot of it has to do that you know
somewhere like I was talking about a
little bit earlier something I think it
has to do is just the time in which it
was made and in which I'm watching it I
think had I seen this 10 years ago when
it came out yeah I might have thought it
to be incredibly funny and clever cuz it
was 10 years ago it was doing stuff that
not many people were doing yeah but I
think now people
have taken cues from The Venture
Brothers like it's so far past that it's
no longer based on everything we know
about Jack he should love The Venture
Brothers that's what I thought yeah it's
fine you know I mean I'm really not
worried look I could do that shit and we
don't like garlic goes to the sargasso
you're not gonna like the show I was one
of the first ones I saw but that episode
after that episode I was in sure sure
and like that was that was one episode
that got a mild chuckle out of him
uh-huh I believe I believe I could
fought you know it got that when when
the pirate had to stick his hand up
Patrick Warburton but and then he used
him as a weapon now that I got a little
laughs oh yeah yeah I enjoyed that but
mostly mostly I'm watching I'm just
going oh yeah this is really clever and
so like I'm not saying that I dislike it
and I definitely appreciate the comedy
but it's just not making me laugh you're
allowed to dislike it's no roar and I
don't want to learn far I don't you know
cuz usually if I dislike something I
have a decent enough reason for and I
watch it and yeah you're right it should
be something I'm super into yeah but
it's just like yeah that's fine
all right that's fine jack is more of a
Squidbillies guy I've seen some
Squidbillies
that's that's just absurdity I don't
think that's that's more absurd than
comedy
there's a new Shira
I loved frisky dingo frisky dingo was
fantastic I'll be with you there frisky
dingo I was great
Archer uh it's alright alright
same people behind frisky dingo oh yeah
yeah I believe it very similar shows I
didn't get too deep into Archer before I
was like yeah not my thing okay so some
Rhea I just remember some they had some
decent lines got it got it some laughs
out of me and of course everyone loves H
John Benjamin he's yeah you know he's
gonna he's got a magical voice he does
that like not just of magical voice is
just his his delivery his timing his
cadence is just everything Sealab 2021
is fantastic I think I still have the
first two seasons on DVD because I like
I was that into Sealab 2021 that I
bought the DVDs when they came out
oh I have no horse in any Shira race I
didn't you know I was not a big he-man
person if they're Mia this is very much
like the Thundercats thing we're like if
what is crazy about the Thundercats and
like I just don't care I was of the age
for the Thundercats I didn't like the
contender cats that much ah okay
apparently they're rebooting cheer up
that's more news for my wife she was a
big Shiva fan so really I'll have to let
her know there's a new sheet rock
do you have a horse in the Bojack race
you know you know what I've never seen
it Bojack spring that's uh well no
you'll absolutely hate it but it's
amazing that's Will Arnett right I'm
like a season or two behind oh I've seen
the first two seasons completely and its
really it gets really good okay Jack
hates all good things it's true I hate
all good things so what's what's again
switch again I have seen Nathan for you
are you basically just trying to like
list a bunch of things that I do like to
to to make up for the fact that I wasn't
super into the venture brothers Nathan
for you is fantastic yes great show good
premise good jokes I'm thinking I think
they're curious how many other good
things you'll hate a fair number of them
okay
everybody's different man everybody's
different and everyone likes different
things everybody likes different things
I like Nathan for you a lot it's a fine
show do you or do you ever watch Nathan
for you know yeah he has some fantastic
episodes it's it's what what is Nathan
for you Nathan for you is like how do I
even describe it it's it's it's perfor
its corporate performance art and like
for example one of his episodes you and
you hate mr. show no I don't hate mr.
show
I think mr. show is incredibly clever
and well-written it just never made me
laugh okay
no but Nathan for you is a he the whole
stick of his show is he he wants to help
people and you know this is his show is
about him helping people right and so
there's one episode where he wants to
help a failing coffee chain
failing coffee store right and so he
comes up with an idea to call the coffee
store not Starbucks okay and he's gonna
get around any sort of trademark law by
calling it performance art okay and
satire see cuz he's satirizing Starbucks
and so he calls it like crappy Starbucks
or something like that okay and so and
then he like his team going there and I
changed the whole coffee store to be
crappy Starbucks oh that's a dumb
Starbucks and they had the dumb
Frappuccino and and it was just this
absurd like him talking with lawyers and
him trying to figure out how they can
call a coffee store Starbucks and not
get in trouble okay he did he did one
show where he wanted to do a magic trick
right he wanted to like get out of some
handcuffs into a magic trick but he says
you know the problem with magic tricks
is there's no real stakes it's like if
you think about Harry Houdini you know
he would dunk himself in water and he'd
have to get out of his handcuffs to free
himself but if he dies he's still a
legend that's that's not big enough
stakes and so he set up this insane
mousetrap thing to where if he didn't
get out of his handcuffs in time for his
magic show he would expose himself to a
minor and go to jail for uh for being a
sex pervert okay it's insanity it's pure
insanity and I'm not doing it any
justice of course yeah but it's it's
great it's great stuff
it was about giving himself a goal with
actual consequences right so if he was
unable to get out of his handcuffs in
time he would expose himself to a minor
and I'm assuming this is all staged this
is like a sitcom no no it's it's all
done in this it's all done in the style
of like one of those like house flipper
reality shows you know where it's shot
guy where he has a couple talked and I'm
sure most of it is staged but you know
he rides that line between what stage
you know what's not he like does I can't
imagine they would actually take that
chance oh I can't imagine either but who
knows
like he designed he had he had a company
designed him a robot that would remove
his pants because no one could remove
his pants for him or else they would be
an accomplice and even the company that
designed the robot he had to do it in
such a way where that wasn't the robots
initial intent it was it's so crazy it's
it's beautiful
it's a beautiful thing
neo Canadian you can just leave by
what's the problem now oh nothing I'm
curious what's from nyan nyan Canadian
says sometimes I think this show would
be so fuckin awesome without Jack's
yapping okay okay and so what I'm saying
is I'm here I'm yapping you can leave
you weren't yapping I would just be
quietly playing this right I'm not I'm
not a big talker mmm oh right I guess
that's what I was that wasn't the point
I was trying to get across this is the
product that you're viewing if you don't
like it you are free to go
the Han ham ah it's fine I was actually
thinking about it for a second but I
decided against it
Jack why are you went out of me of free
speech because this isn't free speech
this is a that and free speech or two
they're very different things my friend
don't so you can turn on me I got
nothing okay I got nowhere to go with
that I'm sorry
no I'm not gonna watch community I'm not
gonna watch any of the thing that you
want me to watch I'll hate it
I watched most of the first season of
community and hated it
yeah but then everyone said no no if you
if you watch the whole first and second
season then watch the third season it
gets really good for the first half of
the fourth season like that's what and
but then it gets bad again but then it
comes back good for the sixth season
crazy I never did do that movie they
were talking about doing good they they
were talking about a community movie was
not it wasn't the whole thing he wanted
to do six seasons in a movie or
something I don't know I just don't know
I just know it's so messed up you know I
like and there's fans of community that
will like just say like oh yeah this
season sucks you can skip this season
half like there's basically like a list
it's like an episode that's like just
watch these episodes and it's great and
I ain't got no time Dan Harmon said he's
waiting till all the actors are washed
up Wow he's mostly there I mean whatever
what are they doing nowadays Gillian
Jacobs got some regular work and talk
soup guy what's his name you know I'm
talking I know you're talking about I
don't know stem name I think he's
working but like Danny Pudi is not doing
anything the harder the hardest thing
will be Dominic Glover cuz he's got his
own show now he's got his own Fame now
he's fucking Lando he's not coming back
from Lando no is kurzon coming back from
Lando okay
him being Lando was the mildest blip on
his on his radar if anything him being
Lando is what led to their mild ticket
sales
joel mchale that's what his name is
thank you
he said that's right he's Miles Morales
his uncle in the MCU
he's the Prowler man
and he's got a nephew that that lives in
this neighborhood that line always
bothered me then he's got a nephew know
that that was his line well they had to
introduce miles but they didn't he like
you know it was it was an easter egg
I don't but why not you say I have
family in this neighborhood yeah so the
fans could say miles miles miles
yeah but the fans knew that already what
do you want from me what do you want
from me I want you to rewrite that line
because you wrote the movie oops I'm
just telling you why the line exists
that's all I can do I understand why the
line exists but it's just so the dumb
person sitting next to you in the
theater could just start obnoxiously
clapping he's talking while Hosmer
houses he's also was flying around
that's what he's talking about Thor's
hammer anymore does it up there my
screening of infinii war first showed up
with his hammer his new hammer I think
it's the same the I think the
movie-going experiences that you have
are anomaly they're an absolute anomaly
technically it was an axe that's right
the I've only had one scenario in which
someone was being obnoxious like that
during a movie and it was during so it
was during the bit of solo that I saw
and I'm pretty sure the man sitting
behind me was of special needs yeah and
and was very excited for all the Star
Wars times yeah so I didn't make too big
a deal out of it yeah you see that
hanging off your shoulder pant a little
fabric yeah that's a little prayer thing
that's on there with a wax seal oh yeah
you can see the wax seal too yeah
because they have this armor they just
didn't build it right okay I get it
it's something old and quasi-mystical to
them it's their technology that's great
that's fantastic Johnson 89 this is
hijack and rich what did you think of
the no man's sky next trailer I've not
seen it this is the first I'm hearing
about it so is it a sequel or is it an
update do you know about it no I don't
care about it either okay great
also JJ Abrams is producing a movie
called Overlord the trailer makes it
looks like a lot I've heard about that a
world war two Nazi Zombies Wolfenstein
their box oh yeah yeah that's I mean
high high high quality Nazi Zombies yeah
I'm done with a high quality nazi zombie
b-movie yeah yeah this this could
finally be JJ fulfilling his lifelong
dream of just doing exactly what
Spielberg did right hi budgets Locke hi
budgets luck
yes Is It this is his opportunity
Spielberg never did do not see zombies
he never did not see zombies you know he
did killer theme parks the hook so he's
good easy might be too easy
we'll see why we'll see a little bit
moving it later
oh wait well is JJ directing or is JJ
just producing this is the important
question for you chat I mean was this
called again over
overlord
who's directing it Jules
Avery is directing it who is most known
for making the movie I've not heard of
any of these movies that's them I've not
heard of any of these movies that he is
directed great dead snow already did not
designed stuff years ago yes but the the
difference is in the budget my friends
feel the things Spielberg is known for
is well and I suppose you know Lucas
with the Star Wars is taking things that
have historically been low-budget
schlock and putting a little class into
them yeah that's that's why we like
Indiana Jones and Star Wars in Jurassic
Park and all that fun stuff is you take
you take the schlocky idea and then you
give it a little bit of a budget
so while many people have done Nazi
Zombies have they given it the
big-budget treatment that's the question
but I don't know anything about no man's
sky next and I also don't care no man's
sky was such a bad time I'm sorry well
you were there too you know what are
they changing this is it too late I
think no man's sky generated too much
ill-will too late for us or too late for
people for them for people in general
they burned their bridges
they've already burned the bridges okay
it's it's not too late rich what it is
is too soon everyone is still smoldering
over no man's sky hmm is what I'm gonna
say hmm that's what that's what I'm
gonna say but it like let's say they put
out this whatever it is whether it be an
update or they've been they've been
quietly updating the game I've been
considered picking it up but I don't
want to spend $60 I'm okay so what let's
assume no man's sky next is like an
update that adds a bunch of content
right what'll happen is you know some
some reviewers will do something some
streamers some hardcore fans will play
it and then slowly it will trickle
trickle out and then maybe next year
like next summer people will calm down
and go okay we're ready now we're ready
for no man's sky next
it's being changed to third-person
multiplayer is actually being added so
what am i doing to make the world not
feel empty because I don't know I'm not
that excited about no man's sky and
third-person actually when it comes to
spaceflight I prefer to be in the
cockpit right yeah I very much prefer to
be in the cockpit maybe hopefully it's a
toggle option oh god oh god I would hope
I mean it's if it was already in
first-person it's not like they would
take that away well I mean I guess they
could do anything yeah
they need the world the world to not
feel empty and pointless yeah agreed
so I don't know yeah I don't perform me
I don't think there's much before for me
it's done like it had its chance yeah
and and I just can't imagine true giving
it another go another real go I love
that kill that was fine - thanks just
because there's so many other games that
I actually want to play but you know
maybe for other people eventually we're
gonna get a chance I did see that over
his shadow of war the the new the the
new mortar er the the new Mordor just
patched out all the loop boxes oh okay
after after poor reception so we did it
congratulations everyone you've beat
them back for another week oh good oh
wait we gotta always fight rich always
fight
what happened to Lacroix I still drink
it all the goddamn time I don't know
cactus mutton what happened to him today
I today I have just regular regular old
plain non bubbly water like a chump
Hey did you figure out if it's mandatory
to have the little toy fighter in that
new Star Fox game because that's my no
man's sky I did not I haven't looked
into that too much you probably do they
want to sell things yeah but I wonder if
there's a way to like digitally buy the
thing so you don't actually have to buy
the toy no it's a little bit more money
if you have the toy that's probably the
correct answer I just don't know if
that's the correct answer
that would be that would be the business
sense or the toy is available like a
month before the digital is so you know
then you get your stuff then you get
your stuff did you did you you probably
didn't because you don't care about it I
I don't even remember where I read this
world of warcraft is going to a a
monthly subscription model okay what the
weren't they before world of warcraft
well here's the interesting thing
world of warcraft you needed you know
monthly subscription you know to play
online but then you also had to buy the
game so it was actually both okay
oh okay so now it's free but but but
them you you have to you still have the
monthly subscription but you no longer
have to buy the games never I thought
that was an interesting choice that must
mean that they're they're on their way
out I'm just trying to get long run yeah
oh yeah
and it's it's not for it's not for every
single part of World of Warcraft but for
most of the campaigns you can just pay
the monthly subscription and do most of
the campaigns so
I thought that was interesting I don't
think I will ever play World of Warcraft
in my life but I thought it was
interesting yeah a neat little a neat
little a neat little thing possibly just
to build up hype for a new expansion or
you know they they've reached critical
customer mass and this is their last
attempt to get new players in well you
don't hear about it much anymore so I'm
assuming it's just dying down naturally
mm-hmm dying a nice peaceful natural
death
absolutely just as it should of old age
slowly surrounded by its loved ones no
yeah absolutely it's an apt analogy I
think yeah yeah yeah
oh that does that reminds me of the they
have they've teased a thing from the new
spider-man game range okay and it's it's
the original spider-man outfit oh good
because I've been bitching so much yes I
won someone showed me someone showed me
that it just because of you they were
actually not thinking about doing it but
they heard you rich Evans loud and clear
and so you will get the original
spider-man it looks very similar to like
VMC you spider-man
so yeah looks good rich did it everyone
I want to see it open image someone I
think someone tweeted hold on I'll find
it doo-doo-doo-doo-doo high-proof no
it's a little too red
oh god it's it's a little too rig
talking about some little red yeah yeah
it is so vivid
oh god just go to the blue so colorful I
can't no it'll be fine
can't be pleased rich Evans Holly Khan
Holly icon says I like rich and Jack
being rich and Jack in whatever form or
way that manifests will even riches
eventual snarky comeback to this combat
to to this comment fraud my hack I don't
know if Richards got home from the snark
for that just came a knockoff of Gears
of War you see me taking cover I got
like a wolf like a like a goddamn coward
classic Gears of War more uh parchments
on the machinery Hirshman that's great
no I actually don't have anything I
don't have any problems in Gears of War
it's okay
this is okay I I have fond memories of
the first Gears of War
yeah yeah yeah it's fine it's perfectly
fine it's a it's a fun action game you
go you shoot the things you chainsaw the
guys boom you go to a new level of
getting your guns and boom boom boom
turns out of guys it is something well
enough that everyone lazily rips it off
for their awful cinematic games
exactly exactly except for with none of
the the character or pacing right yeah
that's not a joke yeah I know it's not a
joke that's what seven I were happily
playing the first two I think even in
the second one I did some of the online
multiplayer and then when the third one
came out I just didn't care so I didn't
play it
Jack why do you hate the Beatles I don't
hate the Beatles
I respect the Beatles quite a bit I
think the joke is something else cool of
the jacket oh well I think I'm talking
about this before was just like I'm just
not like I don't know if I'd ever choose
to listen to the Beatles but if they're
on there then he doesn't find I don't
love the Beatles
I have any good nightmare Airport flying
stories no oh I mean yes the answer to
that is yes yes I do
I do have a good just having kids on an
airplane that's what it is and I
actually I think I've told this story
before which is when when my oldest was
very young I mean maybe like one and a
half young uh-huh
we took him on his first airplane ride
and it was a long airplane ride well it
was and it was a two-parter I think one
was Milwaukee to Chicago and then the
other one was boys Chicago and far away
right yeah and we walkies Chicago flight
was great but he was very tired he's
sleeping right but the the flight went
perfectly great and we flew very early
in the morning and then the the next the
next flight it was it was daytime out
we're getting ready to go and you know
we open up the window we're pointing out
all the stuff little little baby Parker
is just feeling great about the world
and then this child witness is the most
horrific thing a child could witness
which is the earth vanishing in front of
his eyes oh look I'm with him and he was
not quite prepared for the earth to
disappear and he's only 1 and a half so
it's not like we can explain what's
going on and he spends the rest of the
four-hour flight screaming at the top of
his lungs unquenchable on ya unstop
unconsolable and it wasn't you know
everyone tried coming up to us like
about you know always it his ears does
it need to choose that it's not as near
as we check you know jack tattoo week
doesn't what do it what does he need
does it need to be like you know
everyone's trying to help everyone's
trying to be very helpful they just
wanted to shut up of course I don't care
about you know they don't care about me
but but then you know just having to
reacquaint everyone no no it's he's just
he's so frightened he's frightened of
everything
it was terrible it was it was a really
terrible experience I know those poor
people on that plane hey also fucking
that's what I say fuck'em so yeah that
way that was really bad
the fam I love that one
I love that one James saw to the gut
followed up just putting slam when your
fist on their head the very very awful
part for those people is a lot of them
were on our return flight we saw the
same people no yeah oh and it was and
they saw us they saw the baby again and
they're just like well you know do you
think about it's just four hours
otherwise fuck them it's just four hours
fine
but it was it was not a good time and
but you know of course now even after
that the next flight we took was fine
and with the new kids flight was fine
and they're great fliers knives and of
course now they're old but yeah that was
a that was a terrible time
that's why quaaludes were invented I
I've heard I have heard of some parents
who will like like keep their kid like
awake extra late the night before wake
them up extra early for a flight like
get them really super crazy tired out
and then maybe slip him a little nyquil
if something for a flight and man never
have I wanted to more than that flight
age limits on theatres don't bring your
fucking baby toddler to a theater uh and
I agree with that
I agree with that I think I think going
to a movie and flying on a plane are two
different are two very different
experiences a theater the entire point
is that two hours it while you're
watching a movie out
don't bring your baby to a movie one
you're gonna have to do shit you won't
be able to watch the movie fully but a
flight you're going somewhere people are
going on vacation the flight is a small
part of a larger activity we can deal
with children thanks but no don't do not
take your baby to the theater that's
that's that's just bad that's bad for
you as a parent like get someone to
watch a damn kid
I'm so sorry tired chorim who says back
back when I saw the matrix in the
theater some asshole brought his kid who
screamed throughout the entire movie and
you know like that that would be that
I'm a I'm a also strict believer and
talk to the manager like if if I hear a
kid crying for more than ten minutes I
would go straight to get someone like
hey I paid my money yep to see the movie
and this is what I'm getting go talk to
someone get a free ticket you shouldn't
bring it keep young enough to cry to
movie at all I agree I agree
wholeheartedly but that's that's a
situation where you could also talk to
someone and they might not remove the
kid but you get a free movie pass
theaters are huge or at least they were
really good at giving out free movie
passes
babies appreciate its agreed agreed they
do enjoy the finer things in life
go take your baby to see hereditary it's
supposed to be played it's just supposed
to be great
and I mean you know also if you got a
baby like that's that's one of those you
know take them to the family movie night
but they have cheap tickets and they
show a kids movie or take them to it or
not really showing or do something but
babies babies shouldn't be going to
movie theaters easy as that
easy as that captain president says hey
Jack and rich question number one XCOM
enemy Unknown is a new generation
streamlined update of the original XCOM
yes is there a new generation equivalent
for Master of Orion to know some people
might tell you otherwise now that I've
played how's that okay that is a good
answer I've had trouble I've had trouble
finding another master of Ryan style
game that doesn't turn the combat into
real-time combat which I hate okay also
have either of you played fable thanks
again I never get into it I tried once
and I played it I remember somewhat
having a good time I don't remember
terribly much of it if that gives you an
idea of how much I enjoyed it yeah from
what I remember it kind of just generic
fantasy fighter thing with some slight
RPG elements that we're all right but I
I just I really don't remember that much
fun yes chant I think the Master of
Orion remake did have real-time combat
the andross get the show into that
loader I will cover you
so ah I will forever treasure the little
chicken chaser chicken chaser I don't
know I just don't know
I just
I'm actually like try you know what the
only thing I remember remember about
fable was in order to keep playing the
game after you beat the final boss you
had to sit through the entire credits
and I didn't know that the first time I
played it
and so I beat the boss and then you know
quit out and then when I tried to play
again later
it saved before the boss meta so I had
to be poppy and the boss again and I
said oh that's Mullarkey but then I saw
somewhere that you just you have to sit
and wait and watch the whole credits and
then you can free roam after you beat
the boss
that's all that's all I got that's all I
remember from fable
Kotaro I'll do it he says he didn't have
to watch you could have just put down
the controller and eating a sandwich
that's true
after I beat the bus I didn't want a
free room oh I thought that was that was
supposed to be one of the big things
about fables you know go wherever do you
know it's your world I know that was one
of those things that you know they
promise never quite delivered on but
it's fine everything's fine all the time
Jack burgers I have not started a new
Batman animated series episode I have
not started a new one I need to find a
second episode which I think we were
talking about maybe finding a bane
episode who that would be really funny
buddy I just need to find another
episode and work stuff is a starting to
pick up so I haven't had time you know I
haven't had time to make another Batman
I'll make another one that was fine
darn work stuff rich
situation that wasn't ultimately that
was my favorite line yes it has to stop
strum well it had to stop yeah leave the
MOOC oh no there's no problem
yes oh god I gave I gave his now a
little sass and I like it yeah see you
want just dumb you're giving it a
personality dumb I'm playing it's subtle
I have no idea why I don't know it felt
right it felt right to do to try to be
true as I as true as I could to
Christian Bale's version I thought that
was funniest
Christian Bale or scooby-doo is the my
my Batman Christian Bale is very close
to my scooby-doo if you take out the
hahahaha of scooby-doo that's Christian
Bale's Batman hmm oh we're we go
right that's scooby-doo just take out
the uh ha ha ha and you go where are we
going
shaggy yeah well what's happening and
that's Christian Bale's Batman
there are you I try to put my teeth out
a little bit I know and the bottom
because as if they work alright yeah by
then it is it Scooby you ready ready
room it's the exact same voice
when my kids go to bed that's the voices
that I'm doing you have a good night the
night move
their gear looks like Starcraft marine
gear other way around my friend let's
start craft here big big bulky fat oh
and it looks like this this was around
first is what you're saying yeah
you know I was thinking about Batman
today yep he's thinking about Batman
today I was I was doing some things and
I turned on a movie in the background
and I just you know kind of was randomly
just me wanted something on the
background and justice league just came
to HBO guys like yeah you know I'll pop
that on in the background just have
something that I could I in no way need
to pay any attention to but you know
yeah I glanced over from time to time
you know what I was thinking I was I was
I was watching you know Batman in the
Justice League movie and I was thinking
to myself the Batman's costume needs a
complete overhaul oh when the Justice
League movie in a lot live-action Batman
oh my god he just jumped I'm thinking
that live-action Batman needs a complete
costume overhauled rethink it entire he
always has he's not probably the best
one is the the Batman vs Superman
Justice League kind of style but even
and there none of them are great none of
them are great but even that one like
all of them err on the side of like you
know armor softball gear you know like
that kind of stuff right and I'm
thinking Arkham City
I didn't I didn't play our crime city
it's very very similar to Arkham Asylum
just a little bit more detailed sure
sure
I'm thinking we need to get rid of the
notion that Batman has armor yeah I
think I think city is a nice compromise
it looks fabric but it looks sturdy yeah
but it doesn't look like he can't move
in it doesn't look like he's bulletproof
and that like as a as I'm watching
Justice League that's what I keep
thinking about Batman's armor is like
how can he even move in this stuff yeah
right why do you what do you think he
can't he can't
right no what do you think in the
classic Batman movies he turns like this
yes cuz he literally can't turn his head
good internus right and so yeah I'm
thinking for a lot you know because it's
something that we haven't seen
live-action we haven't seen the perfect
Batman suit live-action yeah is what I'm
saying far from it and I think we need
to go fabric and we need to think more
in the lines of stealth than armor yeah
that's Batman's whole deal and I think
actually what I was thinking to myself
was the maybe maybe this whole like
Batman armor situation is what has led
away from Batman the detective overall
is they keep on thinking about his bat
suits in terms of him fighting bad guys
right well he needs armor he's gonna be
fighting bad guys they're gonna be
shooting at him needs armor wear what
you should be thinking is how is Batman
not going to fight how his Batman going
to get out of the fight or not be seen
so he doesn't have to fight in the first
place that's the Batman that we want
Ryan and watching watching Ben Affleck
in this ridiculously bulky suit just
maybe think like we need someone who's
gonna pull the trigger on a Batman suit
that steps away from the armor who's
gonna do it who's gonna be the director
to have to have the courage to take off
the armor who's gonna be the producer
who's gonna be the producer to have the
courage to take off the armor
yes Zenit ropes is Jack are you implying
that Batman spent years learning how to
be stealthy as a ninja preposterous
absolutely preposterous versus Superman
not the one he wears for the fight what
Superman jet is generally what he wears
in that that's pretty much cloth I think
it's pretty similar to what he wears in
Justice League and it's it's bulkier
than you think it's bark it's both my
dog smoking it's bulkier than you might
be remembering I'm saying they're
halfway there
maybe well you know what what they are
is ready for a reset they're ready
they're ready to redo things and car and
cover new they've been ready for years
for redo yeah put Batman in leggings
damn it doesn't need to be leggings just
cloth Hey take a look at what he wears
in the early Arkham games mm-hmm I think
that's what you do my own my own opinion
it's that's tough just because obviously
that's that's animated you know like you
can't you can't base how something will
look in the real world off of banana off
of a drawing off of animation it just
doesn't work the same
oh you just rip off like turret guns cuz
you're this big strong I'm taking this
comfortable guys move that's fantastic
that's something I liked about the new
Wolfenstein game we could do the same
thing just fucking and rip off the
turret guns and take them right there
until they ran out of bullets of course
Batman tights maybe tights
maybe tights maybe just some sturdy
slacks you know maybe just give us the
slacks you know tighter but sturdy maybe
there's some pockets
it's a bat yeah some bat trousers this
cargo pants no obviously no that's
because then he's not Batman then he's
military
he wants the fan film Batman dead-end I
have not I don't know if I've seen any
Batman fan films it's got a decent
Batman costume in it
nice
is the daredevil series the best modern
live-action representation of Batman
then
the ninja side of things like when when
dared when daredevil but you know is it
season one daredevil when he still had
his his awesome daredevil sued that was
basically what year one Batman
it was fighting wise Matt Murdock didn't
do any sort of detecting but you you do
like a suit like that add in some
detecting and you got year one Batman
basically mmm-hmm
the manufacturer I'm still holds we must
hurry yes yes Batman dead end is the
Batman versus Predator fan film Batman
fights predator in an alley oh okay then
think Joker's there too remember
oh because he has to be right he's
contractually obligated to be there any
time Batman I love that thing oh yeah a
little-little happy floaty skull they
take prisoners and they turn them into
equipment no visible propulsion system
on that skull fantasy earlier I said
this might be somewhat sci-fi I take
that back it's got its foot heavy in the
fantasy yeah
Thank You Colonel rich mustard I will
save that link for later
experimental
because AI is forbidden they just
lobotomize people to work kind of like
AI britches so I'm asking how you think
this game has aged fine panels old oh
hell is it
2011 oh and everyone then it's not that
old I still think it looks all right I'd
say this game looks all right and if it
still plays all right that's all you can
ask for
what we got here we got KY Bosch
malarkey says if you could rewrite any
story what would it be and how would it
end that's paid that's uh yep just paid
sure is or is rich I would rewrite I
would rewrite right Wonder Woman and get
rid of the Ares fight boom done all
right great good I'm good you're good
oh good which is everything my yeah why
cuz they know cuz they want they just
trying to point out there I know they're
trying to get you to bare trying to get
you to bare
did you catch angry Joe being in the
chat jack he's a pretty solid and
heavily followed video game reviewer
intentionally campy reviews but always
good
oh okay well hi angry Joe if you're
still here you never watch them I don't
know if I've ever seen an angry Joe
around it was fine yeah I got nothing
against the angry Joe okay hello okay I
got I said his name is Joe
yeah I don't you know I just don't I've
been on I've been on like a cooking show
binge lately that's like that's my
YouTube time like I don't watch other
reviewers or people who talk about video
games or movies I just want to watch
cooking shows there's there's this great
there's this great series where a a
professional pastry chef tries to remake
candy foods in in her kitchen yeah like
she tries to remake skittles like how do
you make skittles by herself that's
that's a cute idea oh it's it's amazing
she did one on Kit Kats
it's great it's been fantastic I think
it's bone Appetit is the name of the
YouTube channel and they have a bunch of
stuff flatness but the making artisanal
junk food is by far my favorite you know
like how do like how do you make a
Twinkie but still haven't have that like
layer that that layer of like stickiness
on the end of the cake at every Twinkie
it was great bone Appetit
off my D&D; kick no no we're we're still
playing my my kids have kind of taken
over all of our campaign time though
they're writing their own campaigns now
so even have you you never gotten to do
your skeleton one I have it all written
out and now we're just waiting for the
time that all four of us are there
together okay which you know does not
happen very often the kids don't care
they'd rather do their own campaign well
your children have abandoned you
basically which is a fine that's money
that's your job as a parent make it so
your children can abandon you they're
gonna be the most well prepared dorks
when they're in high school oh yeah yeah
whatever you're into but know that yeah
they've been writing their own campaigns
and we've been having a ton of fun
I'm just waiting I'm waiting my turn
basically which is super Landon
knowing lately lately is speaking of my
children abandoning me rich uh-huh
they they recently rediscovered Super
Smash Brothers and that's what they've
been spending their videogame time plan
before were some other games here and
yeah but they've been hitting the Super
Smash Brothers hard lately and and
yesterday they were like they're like
why don't why don't you fight us dad
knows like oh no I won't do that you
know oh I'll mop the floor with you kids
you don't know your old dad at some time
in Super Smash Brothers and they're like
no come on we'll be on a team and you
have to fight the both of us and I was
like yeah well then maybe you stand a
chance haha right and of course I
haven't played it in ages I have not
played sorry no no this story is
anything you can just stop it doesn't
end how do you think it's gonna end
oh yeah it ends close to that where that
they got me down to just one life left
yeah and I did significantly worse than
I thought I still won still won I'm
still number one you you couldn't let
your children just have it no they gotta
earn it man they gotta earn it
Wow what do you what do you want what do
you want a bunch of a bunch of everyone
gets a trophies no they gotta work for
it
they do their own dishes and they earn
their smash brothers Victor's that's how
we roll
fucking fine Oh unbelievable I make up I
make my children earn their victories
like it like in satisfying yourself by
beating your children in a video game I
think I work for us appalling they got
to work for it but by the way they have
been working for it and they came
obnoxiously close I have to really step
up my game
III like I feel like I need to practice
yeah like like after they go to bed I'm
just gonna like hit in a couple hours
just to get my skill back really no no I
would I see I wouldn't go that far I
wouldn't kill I wouldn't go crazy I
don't know that I believe you
no no but like they're at a point now
where the two of them working together
could beat me like it could happen any
day and they're playing they're getting
a lot more time than me so it's gonna
happen
then I slapped the controller out of
their hands and scream how much they
suck no no that sounds like that's kind
of what you did no we had a great time
and they they were they were just really
happy by how close they came to winning
and then they vowed to practice some
more I make a magnanimous of you huh how
magnanimous of you I don't know what
magnanimous means I've heard the word
but I'm not quite sure on the definition
using context clues I'm gonna say like
benevolent what do you got for me yeah
none for you jack you're not gonna
explain to me what the word no no I'm
not because you're a horrible human
being I'm teaching my children
humiliation how to prepare how to deal
with loss how to work for their goals
that not everything will be handed to
them I'm sorry for being a good parent
they they took their loss very well they
said they're gonna practice some more
they're gonna try again later I'm not
gonna I'm not going to hand them the
victory though rich doesn't know either
no not really heard a bunch what
magnanimous man oh look I was hoping you
would teach me something you'd dammit
that's right UK you know K you come to
previously recorded for the for the
gameplay you stay for the parenting
advice absolutely that's what everyone's
here for
exactly like I we're just having we're
having a good time playing games
together and when they do win because
eventually like listen they're just
gonna do it they're gonna have far more
time than me to get good so when they do
eventually win I will take my loss very
poorly there I will I will take it I you
know well played I will I will make sure
they know that they earned the victory
and I will I will be a gracious loser
and hopefully teach them you know how to
be a good sportsman and I will also
instantly demand a rematch yes yeah but
also to be fair it's two against one and
then I'll say well take me out one on
one wanna be one me won't be one me No
exactly and also Joe Kitty points out
that my old hands don't work as fast as
theirs do it listen I'm gonna lose I'm
gonna lose I know I'm gonna lose one of
these days and it's gonna be soon
because now they have they have a goal
right all all foxes no items final
destination yes now we still play with
all items though we're playing we're
playing the Wii U version will find the
Wii U version which has a really great
feature which is the ability to disable
all of the traps on the level so every
level is basically fine on the final
destination you can disable all the
weird shit that could kill you on the
level and it just turns it into a plane
level with no you know mystery spinny
doodad that pops up and kills you every
once in a while and gets a ball switch
my photos draw which is is really great
because they got annoyed by that - they
got really annoyed by the fact the
levels would kill them and not the bad
guys so why Jack because that's the one
we have
because that's the smash brothers we
have game have a story who gives you
shit warm what you fight the bad guys
the orcs have evaded you have to shoot
the orcs so why does it need to be more
involved than that I'm sure it is in
here right yeah yeah but no these does
the bad guys would kill them all now the
story is about your your you as the
Space Marine Ridge are desperately
trying to reunite with all the guns that
can kill yours you've lost all your guns
and you need to find them or maybe maybe
we have it all wrong maybe the story
really isn't about you the space marine
maybe your advanced alien technology
actually in imprints your bullets with
your DNA and so you're not shooting the
bad guys you're trying to make a home
for your bullets oh all you need yeah
it's a fun world and in some context for
why you want to kill the things yeah and
they could be as simple as we're at war
there are the things that are invading
killed things and you know more more
story isn't necessarily a bad thing but
this seems to be seems to me like the
kind of game that puts an emphasis on
gameplay rather than story yep which is
fine we might do dead cells for a review
now that it has a release date and when
is the release date do we know what it
is uh-huh dead cells does have an
official release date I'd be okay
doing that for our view what's coming up
next though there's some big games
coming out like next month though so we
got we got some
tightening damage
I don't see an official release date Oh
August 7th oh well maybe Spidey I think
is the end of August yep
so we could have a dead cells early
August spider-man late August sure sure
that'd be nice I'll see if we can get
lower Croft in there somewhere no time
Raider no no the old one oh maybe you
talked about that baby that could be a
fun easy look back like I just play a
few hours of Tomb Raider see if it still
holds up it probably doesn't doesn't
want to shit on something old just for
the sake of shitting on something oh
it's not for the sake of it what if it
did some things and they still kind of
work it's a you know looks a little like
garbage but they still kind of work it'd
be gay be fun it'd be fun and we'd get
to make a ton of triangle boob jokes
boom-boom that's where the money is
triangle boob
hey I don't want to be the token hater
hey wait it's not Ben token it's too
late I don't want to go out of my way
we'll probably hate that we should do it
I don't think we'll hate it necessary
I doubt its age well I doubt it's aged
well all I'm saying is it could be
interesting could be an interesting look
back you don't want to be the token
hater or the toki and hater right rich
is already too talky and hater
you know much haters hates a strong word
you don't much care for them Lord of the
Ring not really yeah yeah
but hates a strong word or you could
play tomb raider anniversary which was
essentially a remake of the first Tomb
Raider I think if if we were to do this
which apparently we're not because rich
doesn't want I kind of don't I
I I think it would be more interesting
looking back at the original ps1 to just
to see while ago Invictus I need Salinas
to come secure the Invictus while I
divert to a priority alarm but but Louie
beats how do we know what the good games
are if we don't play them we got it we
got to play first figure out if it's
good later
it's a mad mad mad mad Max says Jack I
love your phrase everything is fine all
the time did you pick it up while still
on the farm it seems like just the thing
to say when a cow calf is breaching
sideways a Fox is in the henhouse and
Timmy is in the well catching a phrase
what French everything's fine all the
time oh no no it's just I probably
started saying it here on stream just
because it rhymes it's not something
I've said my whole life or maybe it is I
don't know I don't pay attention to the
things I say if you if you've noticed I
just say them I don't pay attention to
them
the sixth doctor is about to regenerate
which is your favorite doctor sixth
sound like 13 now aren't they yeah this
yeah the six doctor what are you talking
about
dr. Hibberd no this one's Pulaski
Pulaski is coming to it right and force
chick is chick doctors time almost done
no she hasn't started yet okay she's
coming up and yeah and if you include
war doctors she's number 14 she's dr. of
number 14
which is my favorite doctor I you they
didn't they say he can only do it like
12 times they did but then you know they
wrote that rule and then they broke that
rule by something they didn't have a
clever storyline to get around it they
just brought the rule I think that was
during the period in which I was not
watching and also I don't care I'm sure
there was a storyline involving breaking
the rule okay but uh wait does the war
doctor not count as a doctor there's a
doctor who chronological stream they're
about to be on stocked er seven with
this dress cool so I guess they're
airing them all oh okay I get you well
meet what what they say is if you are a
fan of Doctor Who you will fall in love
with your first doctor and I think
that's true and so for me it's
Christopher Eccleston he was the first
doctor that I saw as your favorite the
one nobody else likes he he had a lot of
hard work okay he had he had he had the
job of reviving this series after it had
been gone for so very long and he had a
difficult task
but I like the way he played it and so
Eccleston is kind of my default favor
because he was my first doctor and I
loved the way he played it like this was
after like the time wars and this was
after like a lot of big and tense stuff
and he played it very seriously and I
liked that and I liked him and Rose
Tennant was obviously fantastic and is
just a hair away from being the bests by
being just the best tenant is amazing
but I also really like Matt Smith I
think Matt Smith did some really good
stuff he was part of some really good
storylines and they you know they're all
they're all fun all the new doctors are
very fun
Eccleston was the the way Eccleston
plated was was I think appropriate for
the stories and but but Tennant was good
and Matt Smith was alright you know Matt
Smith unfortunately for me also has the
distinction of being the doctor when the
stories went to shit as far as I'm
concerned and so I know it's not Matt
Smith's fault but I didn't much care for
that Matt Smith also though has has Amy
Pond which was was an amazing companion
so you know it was a pursuit as if it's
a bazoo
River Song is the horse character in any
media river song what River Song
they they did this fantastic thing where
they they set up this character River
Song in dr. hood okay and she she showed
up in this great episode about a dead
library and and kind of these like
ghosts that hate inside people's space
suits it was great it was this fantastic
little episode right and they introduced
his character River Song and she was
also a time traveler like the doctor
uh-huh and in fact she was very familiar
with the doctor but she knew the doctor
later yeah
and so like they kept on crossing paths
and they had this wonderful
back-and-forth because she knew she knew
the doctor from later in life yeah and
he hadn't met her yet
and so like it was just this wonderful
fantasy time-traveling stuff and you
know like if she was just there for that
one episode she would have been
fantastic and then they ruined her they
utterly utterly ruined her I'm sorry
they they turned this interesting
character
how do they ruin the character so what
they did well they eventually they had
to think of a backstory right to this
character an offer as long as you fuck
him watch oh you've got to put it up for
offer for fucking ever but well I give
so maybe that's just the problem is they
came up with the backstory and their
backstory for River Song was she is
actually melody pond the daughter of Amy
Pond and Rory who then travels back in
time so she's actually about the same
age as Amy and Rory but then travels
back in time again so she's older than
them she also fights Hitler at one point
it it gets very very messy
she was also married to the doctor at
one point but not really I thought the
doctor was asexual right and that's the
whole there's a whole thing the arrow in
the room
look the thing Jack just shit on was the
most epic and awesome story arc in the
whole series lloyd beets that was the
start of the downfall they they they
they took this wonderful character and
basically just gutted her entire history
so that she wasn't there one minute and
she was there the next minute it was oh
it's just terrible just terrible it was
it was then and then they you know they
kept wanting they kept using her more
and more and then you know the more
she's in it the less fun she is it's
like it's like they may if it's like if
they would make a boba fett movie okay
okay the more you see the less special
they are it's the same thing they did
with the fucking weeping angels it's the
same thing they did with I mean really
any good Doctor Who enemy but how come
none of the doctors stick around for
longer than a season or two
lately it's been sure resident no no
Eccleston was there for one season yeah
and then Tennant was there for a good
how many seasons three or four yeah
maybe more maybe more you know it's BBC
and so alright they don't do their
absolutely say Matt Smith was there for
several seasons and then Capaldi I think
was there for choose because I only hear
about Doctor Who when they're changing
doctors well I think it happens all the
damn time okay yeah okay there according
to chat Tennant was four seasons Matt
Smith was three seasons and I want to
say that Capaldi did too so Oh Capaldi
was in three seasons oh shit
so there you go well it's it's usually a
big deal when they change doctors you
know it's it's there it's there it's
England's franchise this is the most
British thing ever
yeah Doctor Who it's it's like your
sports team really good at the job and
he wants to stick around for 10 years
yeah I wouldn't say no I don't think
they would say no either I think
everyone has kind of wanted to leave
yeah I think it's hard to say it's hard
to tell
it's hard to tell but also you know you
got it you gotta shake things up
sometime
I you know what a night I've seen very
few classic who I tried watching a few
episodes here and there because like you
can find them the old black and white
Doctor Who and it's just it's too what
about like seven days Doctor Who you
know what I might enjoy 70s Doctor Who I
tried watching some of the old
black-and-white ones and it didn't it
was just too far away for me to to latch
on to yeah but maybe 70s Doctor Who I've
seen the Doctor Who movie the
made-for-tv Doctor Who movie that was
like made in the US - oh yeah yeah well
that was the that was the backdoor pilot
right to try to see if American
audiences could latch on to it and
apparently the answer the answer was not
yet my friend but not yet that's right
and because of because of fires and
whatnot there are some full episodes of
Doctor Who that are completely lost the
time I've heard of this that just will
never will never appear again
I know it's it's fun you know it's it's
I guess for those who aren't into Doctor
Who and who are maybe into sports what I
can say is you know getting a new doctor
is like getting a new quarterback or a
new pitcher for your sports teams it's
exciting because you're not really sure
what to expect right it's a whole new
team it's it's a new it's the same thing
you used to but I would just I would
just find it scary well it can be plenty
they can go wrong
yeah that's true you know it's like it's
like a nice it's it's like an event it's
a big ol it's a big ol event the old
doctor dies new doctors born
it's always fun I'm and like I said you
know I've been out apparently I've been
out of doctor I've been out of Doctor
Who now for so long I don't even know
how many years I've been gone but that
was just because of the production staff
and so I I wouldn't care if it was still
Peter Capaldi just because they have a
new showrunner I'm back in yeah yeah it
just so happens to come with a new
doctor button I was ready to come back
as soon as they got rid of all was his
name Davies was a Devi Russell Davies so
so I'm very excited about Doctor Who
Doctor Who Doctor Who as I'm just
reading his Jack's kids gotten into
doctor whom yet I don't know if they
would be into it
Moffat thank you Davies was before
Moffat Moffat was the ruiner of things
and now there's the new one who did my
kids aren't my kids are still at the age
where if a movie's not animated they
generally don't care we're getting them
we're getting them they're you know he
wasn't like Star Wars you know what they
are they are not really into Star Wars
pornographers he thought they were
they're into pork we've actually asked
them if they wanted to you know last
Jedi is on Netflix now yeah like hey you
guys want to re-watch slash Jedi we can
see the porks again and again but then
we're like you want to watch all the
Jurassic Park movies and they're like
fuck yeah okay not enough blood we're
find in their movies they're super into
the Jurassic Park movies we're actually
gonna go see the new the new Jurassic
Park what is the fallen Kingdom yeah
they're really excited about that
they're really excited about that
because we've been binging all of the
Jurassic Park movies and did you ever
see world number dress a world map
we recently re-watched that as part of
the binge yeah and this might be a
little controversial but it's not as bad
as I remember
listen having an opinion and pinning on
anything is controversial chime so
you're right right the like when I when
I saw Jurassic world for the first time
the only Jurassic Park movie that was in
my memory was of course Jurassic Park
yeah but after watching Jurassic Park
than the lost world then Jurassic Park 3
Jurassic world is not the worst of those
movies in fact it's the second best of
those movies obviously second by a long
stretch but it's no worse and in fact
it's better than lost world and Jurassic
Park 3 but like if you're coming right
from Jurassic Park Jurassic world is
gonna be hot hot garbage but if you're
coming off of Jurassic Park 3 Jurassic
world is fine it's actually like it's
bit Pleasant so world
we're pretty hyped to see the the fallen
kingdom seems to me like you're just
lowering your standards says Cousteau's
de Leiria yes yeah yes absolutely it's
just it's just a game of comparisons o
continent I mean by the way that wasn't
so much like a clipping on the on the
I'm the terrain like I really don't
think you could step over that wearing
that armor like you just can't lift your
legs up high

[Part II]
radioactive yes I'm seeing radioactive
something something radioactive mud is
listing some fantastic Doctor Who
episodes that Steven Moffat wrote under
the showrunner Russell T Davies and I do
think that Moffat has some good ideas
wrote one of the greatest Moffat wrote
one of the greatest Doctor Who episodes
ever called blink like if you're gonna
show someone an episode of Doctor Who
you showed him this episode it's
fantastic but I think as showrunner I
think I think it's a bit of a prequel
situation where he just had too much
power and there wasn't anyone there to
balance his power to hold him back and
and that's what I think his problem lies
the impossible you know what and hit no
The Impossible Astronaut is a fine
episode the the whole the silence the
silence is is what a great villain what
a great enemy I think he started he
started his show running tenure all
right and it was a slow slip so slow
slip I love those initial episodes with
the silence were so fantastic what a
great what a great bit an enemy that
makes you forget about them as soon as
you're not looking at them
yeah and so that it just you know these
characters being horrified seeing the
enemy and then they'd immediately look
away and forget they ever existed so
what they started doing was like making
little hash marks on their arms whenever
they saw one and then so suddenly it
would cut too wide and their arms would
just be covering it was brilliant great
episodes but it just didn't last
it just didn't last
out
oh he was also writing Sherlock at the
same time no maybe a lesson learned
don't spread yourself too thin
sounds like a Voyager episode I to me
like that's doctor who filled that Star
Trek void and me even though it was a
little more fantasy ish it filled that
space adventure void for me obviously
that first season yeah you know some ups
and downs but but uh especially that
first episode Rose what a terrible
episode what terrible television that
was the mannequins that come to life
yeah what garbage TV that was but then
they started I think the slowly working
and then really you know for a lot of
people I know once David Tennant was
there and it turned into a whole new
ballgame
yeah pre anything pre Clara Clara is
when it really started to tumble that's
what that's when I gave up she's a she
was a companion I gather that much she
was a companion
why is she terrible um she was a nothing
character or or more so she was so she
was so many things that she was nothing
specific she was everything she had no
defining character or weakness or even
anything she was good at she was just
mildly she was whatever the script
needed that episode and so it was hard
to latch on to her as a character
the role of a companion is is just to
you know to be the be the protagonist
really bits that's supposed to be the
audience's window into this crazy world
you're supposed to be the companion is
supposed to be the the naive one that
the one that's just along for the ride
as the doctor shows you all these
amazing things and Clara was just was
just nothing and everything
that's where a rich rich that's what
rich is doing his job with Becky got
plate says I like how rich prompts Jack
to just keep talking about Doctor Who so
he can focus on playing the game
rich is doing his job
I got nothing bad when it comes to
Doctor Who I know I know I know doctor
who's the thing that's all like that's
all I know it's a thing it's a thing
yeah oh the Donna doctor Donna Donna was
a fantastic companion this this did you
ever watch the office yeah did you ever
watch any of the later seasons yeah do
you remember when that the British woman
was on the office big hair
think so I think so she was in Doctor
Who and her name was Donna okay she was
a companion for for just a season if
that even I don't even know if she made
an entire season and quite possibly one
of the most fantastic companions ever
just full of comedy just a big
personality incredulous at every turn
and you know given the doctor all sorts
of shit she was fantastic
Catherine Tate is her name collapse not
Sharon Tate not a season more like four
or five episodes what however many
episodes she was in she was fantastic
just just doing all she could to to give
the doctor all the hell in the world and
just a heartbreaking ending to her as
companion there's so many good
companions everybody's good I've rows of
it like the whole Rose doctor they're in
love they're not in love situation was
wonderful I really liked theory they
could bring David Tennant back and they
didn't they didn't they have David
Tennant's doctors split off into two
people and then one went into the
alternate universe with Rose I think
this is something I heard about an owl
first of all I'm shocked that you know
that osmosis
they just osmosis they did do that but I
think they actually might have needed to
kill him in the alternate universe okay
to stop the next big tragedy
I don't remember precisely but yes your
ass Moses is correct but really they
could bring David Tennant back whatever
because the doctor can regenerate as
whatever I don't think they could ever
bring him back like or just time travel
or just time-traveling like oh well
actually this season takes place when
David Tennant was still the document
boom right oh yeah Oh Martha you know
Marv Martha's one of the mark Martha's
almost a she's not much of a companion
though she was there for some of the
best episodes I think the episodes
outshined Martha as a companion but she
is there for most of the great episodes
and she was alright as a companion no
complaints
Oh God why did I say that name why I
said mana mana hey she was fine right
look like you can't say anything bad
about Martha there's nothing wrong with
Martha but she also didn't have a super
amazing character to bring to the doctor
who table you know what I got a start I
got I think I'm gonna revenge dr. Google
all this doctor who talk is really
starting to starting to itch at me I've
gotta see where I can find dr. who
Martha from the Americans is she what
did she do after that Martha after that
oh I think she was insensate I think
that's the same actress she's she's I'll
kind of forget all their names she's the
girlfriend insensate if you watch that
somebody's telling you to start from the
third doctor I don't know if I can go
that far back I might just Eccleston I
might just Eccleston it eccleston binge
what are you trying wait wait wait try
like an 80s doctor or a 90's doctor well
the only 90s doctor is is the movie okay
right when did when did they stop dr.
who I don't know doctor who's on Amazon
oh nice
I'd you know I don't I I think the only
90s doctor was the made-for-tv movie
they might have stopped what are you
guys saying eighty eighties
the Cousteau's right that okay that is
her insensate that's right she's
introduced with a big strap-on dildo
correct correct
that's her that's a that's what she's
doing now yeah you know what I'm not I'm
probably not gonna go back to me Oh any
of the old doctors I have a hard time
with with older stuff it's hard for me
to latch on to just storytelling and
technology wise we've come so far apart
I would good newer stuff you know that
was a quality doesn't dick move as a
quality thing that's fine I'll take it
that's such a lame argument I'm not it's
not an argument it's it's what I'm
telling you I have a hard time with
older movies and TV shows because they
don't connect with me in the same way
that newer stuff does Star Trek to us
you know I've never gotten into Star
Trek Fury's probably wouldn't based on
what I marry I've seen like I've seen a
couple of really good episodes but like
overall yeah
and it's it's not it's something that I
that that doesn't speak to me like like
next gen dies whew Twilight zones that's
a whole different realm Twilight Zone is
timeless Twilight Zone is fancy and it's
every episode of The Twilight Zone is
that is absolutely timeless there is
nothing that holds the Twilight Zone
back it's perfect and beautiful I just
okay
yes yeah absolutely everyone's corrects
why light zone is that cannot be
compared to other TV or movies or
properties it's just it's it is what it
is which is amazing
well of course Twilight Zone is better
than Black Mirror but the black mirror
is what we have now we don't have new
episodes of Twilight Zone so Black
Mirror will do in a pinch it's ok what
we it's all we have
and I'll take it black mirror is very
good I enjoy black mirror but you know
we're not getting new Rod Serling
unfortunately no CGI Rod Serling would
be a weird thing yes yes it would be you
know if you get some decent writers you
put John hands up there as a rod serling
standed Jon Hamm who was doing basically
a Rod Serling an impression in season 2
of Legion he did some voiceover in
season 2 of Legion and he was basically
doing imagine a world and it works out
shockingly well
right anonymous says what are your
thoughts on SpongeBob SquarePants I
didn't have cable growing up but I
recently watched the first two seasons
and I'm kind of amazed by how good it is
I've literally never seen an episode of
Spongebob Squarepants I was too old by
the time it was the thing right well and
you know I've like back I want a
spongebob might have been out know that
was passed my stoner days I've seen some
spongebob I think at at its best
spongebob can be at its best spongebob
is a low-rent ren and stimpy yeah it can
be it can be weird and bizarre and
surreal but you know it's also a
straight-up kids cartoon but you know
it's not the worst can ain't the worst
what's so good about the twilight zone
I've been thinking about starting it
class timeless timeless class yeah and
philosophical musings and pitch perfect
setup and payoff and storytelling and
pacing and everything they did
everything right
not every episode is amazing but enough
are enough are where you could just say
every episode is amazing and get away
with it
how about that it was weird an era where
I can't imagine how that ended up on TV
yeah I can't imagine how the twilight
zone
ended up on TV in the era of Donna Reed
well but that was also like the height
of you know pulp
you know pulp fiction right like they
were super into that
bizarro noir II narratives you know
golden or silver Age of science fiction
they were yeah that was fine I don't
have the blu-rays of this why lights on
button you know on I'm that's that's not
a bad idea
yeah acting was fantastic just the lot
of good actors got their start in the
twilight zone higher presentation they
there's craft and there's care in
Twilight Zone who got there how many
people were on the fucking Twilight Zone
burger burger if it's on the twilight
zone
young Burt Reynolds I think is on an
episode of The Twilight Zone Leslie
Nielsen Leslie Nielsen is he on an
episode I want to say he's an episode of
The Twilight Zone
William Shatner's in two different
episodes got some early shit yeah we're
talking 50s 60s Twilight Zone Dennis
Hopper Wow Wow
they're very good at finding future
actors well
future famous actors to be fair they
were also probably the chief actors but
but they were good at utilizing the
cheap actors they're good at identifying
which one of them had which ones of them
had talent and we're going to eventually
be somebody
I don't know the letter Nimoy was have
around the Twilight Zone no episode I
can remember her head Leonard Nimoy I
don't know
Tomic mousetrap says I can't stand
Nicholson's Joker or most of that movie
do you think Joker is often interpreted
badly oh how often has he been
interpreted really at very least two
dozen times I'm sure different
iterations of comics cartoons movies
shows well I'm talking about
live-action we have three Cesar Romero
Cesar
she's a Romero yeah for the time was a
pitch-perfect Joker that was what the
Joker was like in the fucking comic
books back then uh-huh Cesar Romero was
perfect
mustache aside just paint over it's fine
yeah Jack Nicholson is playing Jack
Nicholson with some face makeup yeah I
don't I don't care much for that Joker
either it's fine Mark Hamill definitive
but he still does the Joker to this day
perfect of course what's-his-face Heath
Ledger it's perfect damn fine take on
the Joker
perfect perfect take I like his take of
the Joker so what a lot of good jokers
and then we know I guess I haven't seen
it I've heard it's terrible oh it's
terrible yeah it's unwatchable so at
least half of them are good for live
action for live action well I guess Mark
Hamill wasn't live action oh well your
your slightly under half your your your
live actions your 2 out of 5 for live
action oh you two out of for a live
action for live action right Romero
Romero Nicholson Nicholson Ledger
Leto oh yeah do for to do for do do for
Jim and you know what I'll be I'll be on
the site and I can't speak much for
George Romero's not George Romero's this
Cesar Romero George Romero right right
very different I can't speak much for
Cesar Romero's Joker but I I don't mind
Nicholson's Joker I think
I get what he was doing and he you know
it made sense for the time as they has
worked in that movie I worked in that
movie and remember this was the awkward
years of superhero movies they were
still finding their footing so it was
fine but you know Heath Ledger has a has
a perfect interpretation of a joker and
front you know I I know you're probably
asking about Joker stuff because the the
fucking Phoenix Joker standalone Joker
movie is now like in it is the big
gossip around town yeah as they might be
doing to be the Joker origin story movie
I wouldn't say Osama crossdressers I
wouldn't say perfect
I think eath ledger like you might not
care for his interpretation but what I'm
saying by perfect is is its exact it it
fits tonally with the movie and with the
story and with the theme you might not
care for the interpretation but it's
perfect for that world and that Batman
alright you know that I guess that's
what I mean by perfect I think I also
really enjoy it but I'm not saying
perfect in that that's the only Joker
ever because obviously Mark Hamill is
the only Joker ever but you can only
have one it's Mark Hamill yeah done not
even a question
may you know may-maybe dark ham mark
maybe dark camel maybe dark hammer don't
just just don't may maybe if we can be
choosy
I'd want Mark Hamill to have a little
more of an edge to him Arkham games the
aircrewmen yeah our comedian sorry he's
already he has already done it boom
there you go then we're fine then we're
fine
see our camel yep buddy I'd overall I
don't really don't mind Nicholson's
Joker it's for the time as I barf that
out for the time I think you know Heath
Ledger and Mark Hamill are two fantastic
examples of two very different takes on
the Joker and both of them nailing it
Heath Ledger is an interpretation and
Mark Hamill is just iconic well but even
Mark Hamill it's very classic Mark
Hamill is very classic Joker Joker but
it's still an interpretation it's still
ours Taylor on the Joker you know did it
died oh no and you know like there are
things that that you know pop up on the
on the web about like Heath Ledger's
like people are still discovering stuff
about Heath Ledger's performance to this
day and I think that's fantastic oh you
might went out there gonna know what
games we have on Steam just a whole
mouse topper organ oh yeah like for
example I was I was reading that a nurse
or not a nurse like a psychiatry student
was watching The Dark Knight and noticed
that Heath Ledger is constantly licking
his lips like Visio he's like he's
constantly like futzing with his lips
and licking his lips
yeah because antipsychotic medication
gives you dry mouth
and so like there are some people who
think that that was an eric turquois
that he made like oh i would be taking
it you know who was doing this the Joker
Heath Ledger's Joker clearly wouldn't be
taking his medication but if you if at
one point he was he might have dry mouth
so the Joker would not be thinking
anyway though and I guess the point the
moral the story is Heath Ledger's
performance is something to be admired
that's really dumb now it's fun it's fun
it's not necessarily true but it's fun
right let's see what we got here we got
future Prez jr. beam who says hey guys
last night in Vegas and watching the
stream instead of packing how is Dan dan
Wilson's latest money-making scheme
going capitalism ho he's just gonna
force me to perform but you give me
nothing to work with you do nothing you
literally give me nothing to work with
him and just say Dan Wilson makes Mecca
just pull something out of my ass dance
well god damn it fuck you you think I am
some kind of magician
fuck off Oh Dan's been taking his
medication so he's a little subdued
today nailed it rich nailed it
pork sandwich nope dildo swaggins says
hey guys have you seen the Lego Batman
movie I think it's a terrific take on
the character of Batman as well as his
relationships with others it's also
absolutely hysterical check it out if
you haven't it's adorable I've seen it
you know it is adorable yeah it is
adorable
it's it's you know it gets a little
weird to me like the fact that you know
the enemies from different worlds thing
is a little strange but it's it's still
cute it's a very cute I think Michael
Cera as Robin is wonderful and just a
million great jokes
that's scene where Michael Cera is
picking out his costume and he just rips
his pants off so he has the classic you
know Robin Green Underpants it's great
great jokes like a Batman
I have not seen the Nathan Fillion
Uncharted fan film
have you seen slash heard of this why
would I ever look go out of my way to
see this
you don't care about Uncharted you also
don't care about Nathan Fillion so I
care about Nathan Fillion in general
because I'm a Firefly fan uh-huh
and so that came across you know my
newsfeed is he made an uncharted fan
film which you know everyone's like oh
how funny he made an uncharted fan film
that's that's really cute but to me it's
just like what a that's sad like he's a
professional actor you gotta get paid
for that like that's that's just a no
that's a hey make this movie Ain you
know who would be great to star in it
that's why I really want to start an
uncharted movie Hey look at this
attention I'm getting with my fan film
for this game that everyone likes that's
why I saying
I bet you need a lead actor for a movie
about this popular game look at me
I'm Nathan Fillion that's why it's a
little sad to me yeah yeah he's trying
to pull a Deadpool whoo yeah yeah is
puffy Nathan Fillion well if you got the
movie prior you probably have to work
out why we'll watch it it is on my list
of things to watch well I want to make
this movie right right yeah it's gonna
be a movie about this thing that's
already a movie it's gonna be it's gonna
be redundant horribly redundant we're
getting a them Fillion to start it
because it's kind of pathetic I feel bad
for him like some got a sick cat or
something after he's done cleaning your
pool you can star in your uncharted it's
gotta be like a double movie we're gonna
make a movie based off on the movie
that's based off of movies it's
brilliant done brilliant be like having
double vision
we'll make a game based on the movie
it'll be the first Uncharted game so
have a game based off of the movie which
is really based off of a movie which is
based off of other movies I love it
doing a great job Sadie I need something
to work with you can't just say dude Don
Wilson a concept underlying concept and
by the way like I don't mean to I don't
mean to bash on Nathan Fillion I think
he's fantastic I enjoy him as an actor
and I'm sure he's a good guy I have no
idea but but what I'm what I'm from an
outsider's perspective it seems strange
that that's someone who is a
professional in the industry would go to
such lengths just fashion about it man
he loves Uncharted and that that's very
possible that could be possible I could
be reading this incorrectly but it
strikes me as cynical know that it's
cynical I don't know that I'd say that
it's it strikes me as calculated
transparent is the word I would use
we're not a fan film and so it's an
audition yes yeah oh uh there we go
that's a fine way to put it it's a very
expensive audition
what
Oh fuck's happened I I got killed loan
that guy wasn't dying well that guy
wasn't dying yeah well that guy wasn't
dying I got killed
yeah Ryan Reynolds love Deadpool he did
but that for you know that was the
talking point out of all the Deadpool
stuff that was always the talking point
is how much of a fan Ryan Reynolds was
of Deadpool and I haven't seen that with
Nathan Fillion and his love of Uncharted
or he's just a big fan of the games and
so he thinks he can do it you know like
I said to me it's a little it's a little
cynical but but hey it's fine
okay pork sandwiches hello gents I
watched Billy Madison and happy gilmore
today for the first time and never
laughed once did mr. Sandler hypnotize
America yes he can only be funny the way
people think Jerry Lewis or mr. bean is
funny is being absurd the same as being
funny first of all mr. bean is very
funny I don't know why you're bringing
mr. bean into this mr. bean is very
funny have you seen everyone watch mr.
bean I've seen a little bit of mr. bean
here is very funny he's very funny I
don't seem like the movie or anything no
no just the show so first of all leave
mr. bean alone leave mr. bean out of
this secondly I have a fondness for
Billy Madison and having a terrible
terrible fondness
he's been lobbying to be nathan drake
for years if not decades maybe this is a
known thing about him jack i mean it
could be that it could be a known thing
about nathan feelings
I'm not I'm not generally the the
cynical one but I as soon as I saw like
the newsfeed come up that he was
starring in a fan-made Uncharted thing
that's the only thing that went off in
my head was this is just this is just in
hopes that he gets cast well no shit
yeah I mean I think it's obvious to
every literally everybody right and to
me that that's ours it that to me that
that me that then you can only see the
cynical side of it is it cynical when
it's so obviously the case
well cynical about it you don't need to
be covert to be cynical he's doing a
thing to get a part in a movie that
there's nothing there's nothing
what's cynical about that he's doing a
thing to get a part of movie okay right
what's cynical about that that's what
I'm that's what I'm curious about right
now the labeling of this is cynical the
the way it is being portrayed is that
you know this is this is just you know a
fan film being made out of love for the
franchise when it is clearly not as he
said that that that's like that's when
you where's that what idiot blog writers
have said about so that's the the
headlines of the news feed yeah okay you
can't blame him for that
people who write news feeds are idiots
these days this is all I'm saying
I don't think it's sénéchaux is showing
the dumbass to do that he can pull it
off
yeah but that's what he has like an
agent for Tim it to me
the the cynicism lies in maybe his agent
told her to do this that's mommy's agent
said it worked for Deadpool you gotta
make a fan film yeah yeah give him a
test you don't see what you can do or
how perfect oh and see like to me that
would be Fonz agent is Don Wilson they
say of course is a genocidal awesome to
me like that that would all be fine
where if he go if if he just says like
Oh like if the story was Nathan Fillion
thinks that he would be such a good
what's his name Nathan Drake that he
made a movie to prove it like boom all
cynicism is quashed he just made a thing
to fear that he could be good I care
about what he said not what that not the
headlines that morons are writing I
don't know what he said okay I do not
know
Jack you're B I'm being cynical right
that's what I'm saying I think the
original diehard would be a good premise
for a video game you ever played the old
NES tie hard no I actually loved it yeah
yeah I've heard it's absurdly hard no I
know it's hard it's not absurdly hard oh
okay
it's short look there's I've never
played it there's only 33 enemies in the
game it's like an accurate
representation of the number of enemies
it's like compared to what there were in
the movie nice excellent I think it's I
actually think it's interesting okay
didn't it have a thing where you could
actually like lose health by walking on
broken got health speed your foot your
feet have a separate health meter okay
so if you walk on broken glass that goes
down real fast you have to you have to
find bandages for your feet yeah that's
great that's great
you know the general rule is and you can
make it good anything out of anything
right oh I'm just moving quick I thought
you were aiming for an enemy I mean no
but hit the edge of the railing
there's diehard PC game released called
diehard naka Tommy
nevermind Plaza it was a first-person
shooter
well didn't they make a die-hard
first-person shooter for consoles as
well it was like after the Max Payne so
of course it had bullet time of some
kind of big yeah they made it die hard
for the consoles diehard games there's
been our arcade game but the idea could
be really neat
an original die hard movie where you
know you have just free reign over the
building and you got to set traps you
have limited health and ammo and you
have to you have to do what John McClane
does you have to you could do it in the
style of like a survival horror yeah
where you do kind of want to avoid the
enemies for the most part mm-hmm you
make you make the whole tower open-world
you know you can go anywhere do anything
and then you know and then you make it a
little adventure game II where you find
pieces over here Adam over here and and
that's how you can trap the elevator you
have to find a way you don't you don't
necessarily have to do it the same way I
did in the movie we had to find some way
to get the attention of the police yeah
yeah exactly exactly yeah they could be
fun actually that could be a nice small
game yeah you know you all you all it's
only one building that's it
and save all the hostages right and
maybe maybe you don't maybe maybe the
first time you play the game a couple
houses die and then you have to figure
out how to play it again you know it
could be a short a nice short game where
you just have to figure out how to save
all the hospitals that be mad that'd be
actually a really good game
get on that someone who knows how to
make games
no not not an asymmetrical multiplayer
oh fuck off me no just make a make a a
nice short you know action stealth
puzzler thingy
it's not something that can be finished
in like five hours but is difficult to
get perfect and it's only perfect people
would bitch ammonia I like that kind I
like that style game short games that
are playable yeah but everyone bitches
and moans they think games have to be 80
hours long or their money's been wasted
fuck been ignoring that if you want to
replay a game five times that's as good
as a 20-hour game of course of course
not it's okay if you like longer games
but not every not every game needs to be
a long game I typically prefer the
shorter ones just personally and I'm
okay with I'm okay with either but you
know it's think about what your game
needs does it need to be 20 hours or is
that just your arbitrary is that your
arbitrary time because that's what how
long games are supposed to be alright
are you padding to get to that 20
but pork sandwich to get back to your
tip I really it's hard for me to comment
on because when Billy Madison came out I
was the absolute perfect age for Billy
Madison and I loved it I still love it I
think it's an incredibly funny and weird
movie damn it and I actually don't think
it gets as much love as it should
mostly because Adam Sandler has gone on
to make terrible terrible movies but
Billy Madison and to a lesser extent
happy gilmore I think are fantastic
comedies that I've watched several times
and enjoyed several times so
again I spawning all these guys in does
not want to appear or I can fucking see
him and kill him start and drive me nuts
oh there's a guy that spawns all the bad
guys these particular this particular
group okay you see the guy in the
doorway there
what about punch-drunk love well that's
not an Adam Sandler movie but I mean
obviously avatars fantastic and I think
Adam Sandler has a talent as an actor he
just you know would prefer to make a lot
of money in his in his rackets but not
Billy Madison is just a perfect
encapsulation of absurd comedy it's it's
such a weird premise it's a good pace
the jokes are very silly and oftentimes
nonsensical and all right Madison happy
gilmore was a weird one though happy
gilmore was the first instance of Adam
Sandler using a corporate tie-in as part
of the joke and back then we let him get
away with it because it was he's
breakdancing and that great just kind of
stuck there first of all he's really
good at that's the perfect rag doll yeah
can you knock him over what I want to
know I can't but yeah for anyone who's
seen happy gilmore there there's a joke
in it later on where he just needs he
needs money to you know buy his
grandma's house back and as a
professional golfer he he just does a
subway advertisement so like that's the
joke in the movie is that he does a
subway advertisement which was clearly
just a subway advertised yeah but that
was because that was the first time he
did it and really that was that was the
first time in movies were like he was
getting away with it because like the
joke was eyes you know we're doing a
sponsored thing in our movie but we're
pointing it out so it's okay cuz that's
the joke but then he just kept doing
it's art but I have a special place in
my heart for Billy Madison ain't happy
and I love them and Jesus has a special
place in hell for Adam Sandler no he's a
lovable huckster he's adorable
which I think you're supposed to do
somehow I'm looking at the chat I didn't
realize we had gone back into game mode
I I saw orcs riding on rockets and was
very confused
what a strange cutscene
puckster Jack Ewing conman say is not
the same thing isn't a huckster conman
yeah yeah but he's a lovable conman you
know why he's done some good work so we
can we're gonna let him get away with
with some of his worser instincts you
know to our knowledge he's never done
anything really horrible besides try to
you know build people out of their money
by watching his non comedy movies
he's not moving movies
but can you forgive pixels jack can you
I I heard like a lot of people were
really harsh on pixels when it came out
and I remember us just being more sad
than anything it was so clear that Adam
Sandler did not want to be there and it
was you know it was just a very like
it's not a good movie but also I don't
think it was the low point of anyone's
career it's just a bad movie it was more
sad than than terrible
pixels better than ready player one no
ready player one was just standard
uh-huh that wasn't super exciting what I
wasn't super offensive wasn't super
terrible also incredibly not memorable
yeah black members a lot of memorable
things borrowed by it right oh yeah
ready play was fine I think it was a
great example of Spielberg just kind of
making good out of nothing
Spielberg is just that talented it's
good man it's a good movie now Spielberg
didn't write it and he wasn't in charge
of those things but like I expect more
from Spielberg now if you just look at
the movie like we're talking about a man
who made a career out of elevating
schlock uh-huh he didn't elevate
anything and ready player one his losses
touch oh and see I think he did elevated
I think he elevated it to the point
where it's perfectly standard I think
everything in that movie screams this
should be horrible and Spielberg was
like now I can turn this into something
he made adequate out of horrible and
then he made adequate out of adequate I
don't know I think there was a there was
a lot that should have gone wrong in
ready player one and it didn't really
I I went into ready player one just
ready to cringe and ready to like have a
bad time and it was an alright movie so
I think that Spielberg's magic he made
it he made it an alright movie
I clapped when I saw the I enjoy yeah
I'm in the out it was filled with
garbage it was filled with so many other
properties that it had no identity of
its own that's a big problem because
like try to remember who the main
character of ready player one is what's
the that's the problem yeah that's the
major problem when you're when your
protagonist is is less interesting and
likeable than your side characters no
yeah maybe you shouldn't be your
protagonist maybe your focus is not the
wrong character yep yep how about this
so when your protagonist is less
interesting than his side characters and
the side characters are less interesting
than the things that they are writing
there's the there's a problem but that
being so like you would think that
should be a super garbage movie but it's
kind of alright
Mad Max look max is super interesting
super interesting
he's I like that character in fury road
I'm sorry I'm mr. flashbacks his arc
they did people who think max is nothing
character in fury road because he
doesn't he doesn't have the personal
stakes haven't seen a Mad Max movie oh
I'm not saying he's a nothing character
I I was I was saying super interesting
might be a bit like he's a good
character he works really well in fury
road and he's a good character super
interesting is what I'm I tried all
right he does a good job he serves his
purpose in the movie and he's a good
character
he's he's max he's he's maxed out for
himself and he gets caught up on other
people's crap absolutely that's that's
what max has done since after the first
movie yes oh yeah yeah
no and it works it definitely works and
I like I like that about Max the the
reluctant hero yeah yeah it's it's a
fine character to have I don't know if I
would call that super inter-high he's
all that I was my own Lancers I don't
want to be don't want to be you know
that yeah he's a good character so Jack
tell us about the Venture Brothers it's
very clever it's a very clever show I
think they're they're jokes and they're
the the way they they kind of create the
the mythos of the world as part of the
joke is very well done and very clever
that's what I'll say about The Venture
Brothers okay it's seen it seems like
the The Venture Brothers seems like a
fully established world and they're
playing off of that even though our key
our main character is kind of a schmuck
it
three generations of degradation yeah I
mention brothers hmm you have the I
guess the grandfather yeah
Jonas who was just super fucking amazing
and competent and everything he did huh
and then his son who is just a pathetic
version of his father but still has some
brains and then his sons were even more
pathetic version of their father yes yes
and then what I can only assume what I
will only assume we find out later is
that the the monarch is a is a brother
the creators have said they have refused
to detail why the monarch hates hates
dr. venture okay I assumed we would find
that out later know that we have not
found that no I based off of some
context clues I'm assuming that the
monarch is the brother that's that's fan
speculation okay that is certainly not
something that the creators have stated
okay man that's fair
that's and like I said it's all it's all
very clever I and the the jokes are
well-crafted I enjoyed that bit in the
garage sale where you know finally the
monarch you know the Monarchs having
some relationship problems with dr.
girlfriend you don't know the half and
and you know she's kind of she's lost
passion for the relationship because
monarch has obviously lost his passion
for being a villain but then you know as
big speech it's all rising and he poops
and ziplines away only to be revealed
that he was just waiting up there for
everyone to leave anything else that's
that's cute that's all cute
Jack doesn't know the 128th of it yeah
I've based off of the four episodes I've
seen it's all fine everything's fine
Jack doesn't know yet hate is a really
strong one
it is it is zonko hate is a really
strong word that I will
you know I'll save hate for something
like Batman V Superman or Suicide Squad
or you know like something that's really
really garbage something that like we
can demand for believe show the flaws of
here and there and I with the Venture
Brothers I think it's a very clever show
it's well written that I'm just not
particularly into yeah I'm assuming for
those who've missed this earlier in the
stream I'm assuming I'm not into it
because it is an older show and I've
already seen these jokes done and so
they're not as fresh to me that's what
I'm assuming they newer seasons when
they come out are still pretty strong so
I don't know that's the case well but
newer seasons come on they're strong
because you like the older seasons I
think they're legitimately good episodes
but there's no way you can know that
because you like the older season all
right and so you're you're kind of
rolling with the tide I think if I would
have started watching this when it first
came out I would have been a hardcore
fan I would have been a die-hard fan but
now it's like yeah I get it
fine
I need to reevaluate my tv-watching yeah
I'm good I'm fine I like what I like I
do I eat what I like man these Apple
Jacks they don't taste like Apple apples
the reason you don't like season 1 is
that it was written and meant to be a
straight-up Jonny Quest parody then they
got assigned for further seasons and it
became the show that people liked yeah
it's very possible it's very possible
but I think if you don't like ghosts of
the sargasso or tag sale you're right
you're probably just not gonna like the
show hmm it's fine it's all gonna be
fine everything's gonna be fine like 90%
of the time sounds like a high
percentage yeah I think so I mean in
general it's gonna be fine I think
having a positive attitude helps just
helps push through something you know
the negativity good slowing down and
having a positive attitude hours
true-blue review this is hey guys I
recently watched ashens
play dream quest nations play dream
quest okay I don't know what that is
it's known for having some of the best
gameplay and the worst graphics ever in
a video game if you like slay the spire
I highly recommend it it's really fun to
play even if it's hard to look at
come joshan's play dream quests that you
that sounds fake
that sounds like a fake thing
Oh ashen ashens is a person you just
watch out a person play the game dream
quests okay I'm with you I'm with you
true blur review I get it
alright I opened it up on my tab here
I'll look into it dream quest is a game
bad graphics good gameplay cool did you
say Oh fart I did say Oh fart
everything's fine I did see that CW
wants to make a Batwoman show yes having
they're having a good time making those
shows I've not I've not watched any of
my garbage CW shows in in quite a long
time there's been actually good TV to
watch there's been a lot of really good
TV to watch just look at you refer to
them as your garbage shows yeah they're
my garbage it's fine
we're we're making our way through
killing Eve right now what's that it's a
it's a really neat show about about a
woman Eve who becomes obsessed with a
serial killer
and then you know it's it's from her
point of view trying to catch the serial
killer and from the serial killers point
of view of being a serial and how they
interact with each other and they're
they they're kind of like obsessed with
each other and it's a it's a neat little
show
she cop she works for a British
intelligence agency
but it's a little under the Spanish
situation
so far it's good I only have a couple
more episodes alright you know I don't
know if it gets bad but I think it's
neat I think it's neat and the lady who
plays the killer is just is having a lot
of fun with it
she's very silly and having a lot of fun
Berry is also great yeah that's over now
season one's all done with berries a
fine show I think I saw that Henry
Winkler got a Emmy nomination for his
work on berry which is very well
deserved and he did a fantastic job on
there I was talking about a show called
killing Eve which is on BBC America
so much yelling so much yelling I tried
to I tried to slog my way through the
rest of Luke Cage because everyone kept
saying it got better and it got better
and boy did it not get better
nothing but potential there with that
Luke Cage show like that I like the
character when he showed up in Jessica
Jones the actors does a good job they
had some interesting villains and it's
just just just a bad time that Luke Cage
it's too bad about the overdose and
killing orcs cat person you have an
overdose I haven't you do have an
overdose of killing orcs you've been
that's what you've been up what did an
orca do to you recently would that you
feel like getting this is revenge one
game made me think of the other is what
happened basically okay
one game yeah oh I like it when you pop
their head that's yeah
I've heard of the I've heard of the show
called the terror which I know is
supposed to be very good have you heard
of the tailor no it's it's like the new
Netflix show I think that's supposed to
be really good that's the this the next
one you're supposed to watch did you
ever get around to dark the German
sci-fi thingy I don't even remember
hearing about it oh man it was great
that one's great don't watch it with the
overdub though watch it with subtitles
because the overdub voice I think is
terrible
dark is great and the terror is supposed
to be the new one that everyone's all
into that's the new show to watch the
terror is AMC oh shit I might not be
able to watch that then I gotta fit I
have to figure out if I can watch that
always subs never dubsy you know I
wasn't ready sometimes sometimes I want
to read a bunch of shit yeah
the problem the problem with subtitles
is it takes your eye away from the
visual splendor that you're supposed to
be enjoying yeah and sometimes there can
be good overdub dark is not one of those
cases though it's it's almost
unwatchable with the English over them
maybe I'll just wait for the American
remake fuck it as Netflix there's no
guarantee they're gonna do the American
TV I don't give a fuck this isn't this
isn't your mom's corporate television
where they find this show that works on
BBC and bring it over to America it's
already here he already got it
what time we have good 8:40 okay we are
at 8:40 rich we stuck we're about so
we're about three hours in woke up
getting tired of killing larks
oh that okay that's fine if you want to
enter early we can I have a bit of a
hand situation at the moment yeah my
hands are hurting Chad don't worry about
it it'll be fine in a couple days see
how quickly I can go to the next chapter
okay the game there's gonna be a
broadchurch American remake what god
damn it James I'll Cameron are you
serious well it's great that could be
but broadchurch is already great why do
we need an American it already exists
and it's already great and happened with
the office American office is great
pretty stuff is great - yeah I can't get
past the accent I can barely understand
what people are saying half of the time
they do talk very fast yeah the damn I
wash it like the first what episode up
nothing's wide and it was pretty much a
straight remake you know the American
first episode pilot is like the same
story I still had trouble following it
oh the remake was called GracePoint the
I guess the the only problem with that
is broadchurch is a mystery it's a it's
a whodunit
it's a solve the crime and so if they do
an American remake is it gonna be the
same crime will I already know the
answer maybe they'll change it up maybe
maybe or maybe there's there's 299
million Americans who haven't seen
broadchurch they get a guy who can't get
out of them it's a good show David
Tennant's in it the doctors in it and
the new doctors in it 99 million two
hundred ninety nine million Americans
don't know who the fuck
David tinnitus that's also very true he
was unable to pivot in American movies
he was that guy in the filled Fright
Night reboot right that's right he was
also in some Harry Potter movies okay
they would know him as that guy from
here okay okay so you know it already
aired a few years back what is it you
guys you guys character what he's also
the purple man in Jessica Jones yeah
though I don't know how popular jessica
jones is it's hard it's hard to know how
popular things are outside of your
circle of fans honestly most people who
know what jessica jones is probably know
he was dr. who
yeah exactly that's what I'm saying and
so like the the all the Americans who
don't know who dr. who is probably don't
watch Jessica Jones oh shit okay so what
I'm getting I'm getting some news here
it was called grace points and Tennant
played the same role he did on
broadchurch in the American adaptation
and it came out in 2014
what the fuck never doing it again and
again and again for all time forever and
ever
app stop the time all right hold on I'm
looking up I'm looking us up grace
okay this sounds like the exact same
crime too by the way
I might have to watch a couple episodes
I might have to watch a couple episodes
to see how summarize how interesting
fuck I didn't even know that I was
playing it it exists GracePoint already
exists David Tennant plays the same role
in the remake how often does that happen
it's an interesting question I don't
know where an actor gets to reprise his
role in but everything else is
completely remade this is that's
insanity to me
it
oh okay
people are pointing out other roles in
which they've reprise the in the remake
Vanilla Sky the Tom Cruise remake had
vanilla Penelope Cruz reprise her role
Burt Reynolds is in the Adam Sandler
remake of The Young longest y'all
putting the same character is Burt
Reynolds playing the same character
because I think Adam Sandler is playing
the Burt Reynolds role right
presumably okay someone else presumably
someone else's sure sure
yeah and so anyway
just interested in people playing the
same role in the remake like they did a
they did a what was it like a German
movie version of The Girl with the
Dragon Tattoo and then like when David
Fincher did his movie everyone was
recast but one dude if that happened
they're like wow that dude must be great
no one else can play that role
I got eggs but thanks hack bot thanks
beefcake I'm good on eggs just went
shopping
Swedish oh the Swedish version of Girl
with the Dragon Tattoo
or like what if they remake a movie and
only recast one person you're like oh
and wouldn't you feel terrible is that
one person who got recast yes you would
like Oh what did I do
I run the entire yeah it's probably time
to stand up but ya know we gonna end a
little bit early I want to I want to
make it to the plot twist there's a plot
twist so what's your mission now what's
the plot now we had to get to the secret
psychic weapon that will kill all of the
works okay great so that's probably not
gonna work right
there's a psychic weapon that will
destroy all orcs yep
and the plot twist is you fall through
the psychic weapon and become a
magician's apprentice not quite o demons
invade because this is fantasy that's
the guy who's telling us to use the
weapon is secretly possessed by a demon
nice nice
the Swedish girl who movies are really
quite great al-quwain a really great
quite bleak another the books are very
my wife is a fan of the books the David
Fincher movie I think is very beautiful
though I mean like it's very beautiful
it's just you know I don't understand I
don't necessarily understand what the
hype is but the story it's just just
kind of a little simple little mystery
story beautiful no I haven't seen I was
beautiful and horrifying beautiful movie
strange though strange movie not uh not
uh not a because she has a dragon tattoo
she well one she has a dragon tattoo so
you know spoiler alert - i-i've seen
arguments that the girl with the dragon
tattoo is a five act movie okay yeah
generally we think about movies as
having three yeah yeah and you know
because most do but the girl with the
dragon tattoo is actually an example of
a movie with five acts and so it's a
little it's a little unusual like like
the the the movie you know like has a
plot to resolve and it gets resolved and
then there's an extra like 15 20 minutes
of the movie where a whole different
plot thing gets years old okay and and
so it's a very unusual movie to watch if
you're if you're used to solid three-act
movies
but it's and it's also just gorgeous
it's a really it's a really good-looking
the cinematography
and some of the best some of the best
examples of of sound design elevating
elevating moments for anyone who's seen
it without spoiling anything the the hum
of the the floor buffer during that
horribly grotesque scene it's it's
venture right its venture so it's
beautiful
okay this is it you're opening the
portal or close I have to go do one
other thing upstairs but yeah these were
floor buffer was it a vacuum cleaner
that was a floor buffer
I know I plugged this a bit before but
if we ever play it again I'll know where
I left off and I'll just finish it up at
some point yeah like this is this is two
streams of this game and you're giving
all the viewers blue-ball starting to
start in the Canada oh I know I
shouldn't do that
yeah oh that's right Mecca the the The
Girl with the Dragon Tattoo also had the
score done by Trent Reznor really yeah
and it's good and it's good and weird
and just the right kind of it's you know
that's great okay that's great you know
you know what yes great it's fine now
it's a fine movie it's I I was just I
was very taken aback because like I said
the story is very basic and I was
expecting a more uh kind of a deeper
story but everything else about the
movie is so good it elevates it all
except for of course like I said the
five act structure it's worth a it's
worth a watch just to kind of be off
kilter storytelling wise
No
rich have you ever seen the time travel
film climber nope
no I also have nothing I know that's one
that we're all supposed to watch like
primer is famously a sci-fi time travel
movie that had like a five dollar budget
okay okay I was thinking of the one with
the Bruce Willis and what's his face
from looper your Weber looper which I
haven't seen either so I you know I
haven't seen looper either looper is
supposed to be really good I didn't see
it unfortunately but primer is supposed
to be this incredibly intricate well
like researched and written time travel
movie that almost makes no sense because
it makes so much sense if that makes any
sense
no that doesn't make any sense perfect
great but also done on an incredibly low
budget did you kill all the orcs no I
didn't call the orcs are still there
what no
my favorite film trilogy is the the the
view askew naver's trilogy yeah
clerks Mallrats chasing amy there take
that dinguses what is that huh trilogy
the view askew diverse how is what they
call it the the the very first cinematic
shared universe was Kevin Smith's clerks
Mallrats arguably well it's not the
first first meeting Universal Monsters
yeah today today you have crossover I
guess they Dracula Meets The Wolfman
shit like that
alright you joke about it I think the
view askew verse counts no I'm not
joking about it it absolutely counts
chaos demons how does he know what they
are right away was there a thing in this
universe
presumably Space Marines are well taught
and versed in all the things they're
asked to kill sure look at that guy yeah
it's a letdown though the boss panels
fucking QuickTime event they really I
like this game
but they really fucking drop the ball
there oh yeah like he looks great yeah
he looks ridiculous he looks like the
kind of character who he should not
physically be able to move just because
his armor would get in his way all the
time right
he's the traitor look at his arm yeah
yeah like a little robot arm I think one
of the the space brains has a robot arm
to bill the old guide the bird face huh
that's always fun
I like robot arms
is this a good entry point into 40k I
guess it is if it's really the only 40k
game I've played well it looks just like
a good shooter I know a bit about 40k
just like osmosis and curiosity I'll go
like read up on are the wikipedia pages
about it like what's a space brain
what's all that about I'll look it up I
start read about some of the lore sure
sure
like if you don't so I think it's fine
but like aren't the other games are like
realtime strategy games right well
mostly it's a tabletop board game right
yeah an expensive one because I'd know
they charge insane amount of money for
the little models like I have Blood Bowl
which I think also takes place in this
universe which is a tactical football
game probably not this universe it might
be yeah chat does Blood Bowl take place
in the Warhammer universe
check out the space home I haven't
played space home
I have played up a knock off of the
board game version years ago no somebody
made a video game version based on the
board game change just enough alien
assault or something okay so here's what
they're saying rich blood Bowl both
dozen doesn't take place in this
universe okay it's part of the Warhammer
Fantasy universe okay not the Warhammer
40k universe so yes end them
but I guess what like the point is it's
like if you think you'd be interested in
it and you like shooters like I thought
you play the shooter yeah or if you like
real time strategies play the real time
strategy game yeah alright so you want
to leave it off here then sure sure we
can do that calling a little early
tonight my hands hurt I know got a
couple more tips here we got thirty kids
there's as I rich and Jack I was
watching old TV shows such as Penn &
Teller bullshit and Ali G both my
personal favorites during the college
years presuming that you watch these
shows what did you like I've never seen
Alan GI like bullshit yeah but it's
great yeah
bullsh it's fun I don't know wait what
do you mean like what do I like what do
I like about them I just think bullsh
it's just interesting Penn & Teller's
bullshit oh yeah well it's fun and you
know like a lot like a lot of Penn &
Teller stuff they they do a really good
job of explaining the thing behind the
entertainment and or the mystery or the
whatever Ali G was fantastic is
fantastic you've never seen any allergy
no oh it's I mean it's it's just dumb
people being dumb and it's so the end of
your tips are Turkish says what did you
like about it and why will there never
be in another Ali G today he has a new
show out and it's already making waves
Sacha Baron Cohen has
new ally G type show where he dresses up
his characters and interviewed people
and he all liked the first 10 minutes
came out and he's already getting
prominent people to say ridiculous to
him it's amazing it's amazing the people
that fall for the shtick because they're
so used to a certain narrative his new
show is what is Sacha Baron Cohen's new
show called who is America thank you and
Ark his new show is called who is
America it's gonna be in Showtime and
it's gonna be another one where he
dresses up as characters and makes
people look like idiots mm-hmm so it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great and
Penn & Teller still do a lot of work I I
like there um what's their magic show
their fool fool me fool me that's young
I've seen it like have you ever like
just watched one of their magic acts
that seemed live someday they're great
they have they have a standing thing in
Vegas when I was there a few years ago I
got to see them live and they are
fantastic yeah I've seen them do magic
on TV but I've never straight ups like
been to their show or something I I
really recommend it it's a good time
they have and I want to say they have a
standing gig yeah yeah fool us not fool
me fool us sure sure
so anyway so there's gonna be a new
allergy and Joe kitty 0:01 says the
mimic the lurker above the trapper the
stun jelly the piercer gasps spores use
these monster traps Jack I got a mimic I
got a mimic in mind and I have a my new
D&D; adventure has a long detective II
thing I'm stealing wholeheartedly from
witcher 3 because my boys have been
watching me play witcher 3 and they
really like the the detective ii you
know the detective vision parts
they like it like you know like oh I got
to find this monster I'll use my Witcher
sense and oh there's some footprints oh
I smell them now and I follow this so I
made a whole mousetrap root for them to
follow all the clues to get to the
monster yeah yeah so like I have
everything sadden but they want to play
their own games Oh terrible my children
have found something little they love
and enjoy that was a joke obviously and
their their creativity is getting in the
way of your creativity geez check you
know you know you got to do jack what
yeah I just beat the shit out of them in
Smash Brothers
knock knock them down a peg just just
keep knocking them down you know play
Smash Brothers with them but you know I
do it fair one on one yeah show them
who's boss no more there's two on one
garbage it's gonna be great it's gonna
be great
no sound like I I have my next mission
all planned out they they have to you
know after after they go on this monster
hunt quest I have a mimic I actually
bought I found on Etsy someone like
handmade a little mimic thing and so I
like I have one that's just a treasure
chest and it just looks like a treasure
chest but then as soon as they get close
I'll swap it out for the treasure chest
with teeth the mimic right and they've
never seen that before so they are gonna
shit their pants it's gonna be great are
you gonna have something a clue that
what does a mimic and what isn't
yes my idea is if you know because it's
gonna be in this cave right yeah and so
my my thought is if they roll perception
if they roll a high enough perception
I'll start giving them some clues but
they'll have to they'll have to look for
cuz that's a big deal being is like
scanning the room like look around right
right and so then like you know maybe
maybe like if they roll high enough
perception like they'll hear breathing
or something or like a soft winds
blowing you hear some squishy noises
yeah a lot of it you make you kind of
make up on the go but yeah if they
I made a radius around it and so like if
they're if they're within this radius
they'll be able to you know hear
something if they're in this radius
maybe they'll smell some okay yeah
and so yeah I have that working out I
have this this little church like the
Church of this group that that wants the
skeletons to rise and they need to get
through the church which will have a bad
guy and then there's a tunnel into the
secret lair where they can destroy the
thing that makes the skeletons come
alive does he just want his wife back is
that why I want skeletons the bad guy
does he have a motive that's not just
I'm a word cultist that's wrong no I I
mean I can I'll probably make something
up but no I didn't think that far ahead
I know they're just a weird cultists and
they want the skeletons okay they
worship the skeletons that's all I have
I'm writing for 10-year old so I'm not
super worried about deep characters but
good mimic thing is unnaturally clean in
a cave like dungeon so like the cave is
unnaturally clean like that why would
that be for a minute because it's a
living thing and so would keep its
living quarters quasi clean most animals
usually do that most animals don't shoot
with a okay okay there's what I would
say to that but they often the the other
cave is dirty but that chest is super
clean oh I get it I get it
the mimics so like the cave is super
dirty but the treasure chest looks brand
new that's a good hint I like it I like
it I like it you guys yeah no no we're
doing the timer thing where you know
after so many minutes more skeletons pop
oh yeah and we just gotta find a day
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
everything's gonna be great all right
now is the point of the stream in which
we thank all of you who came and
subscribed to us during this
berry stream much like storm Templar who
says oh oh no I can't my hands hurt Jax
Jack Jack injured his hand I injured my
hands fist-bumping there you go
did it totally did it next time next
time LaVon for 22 months in a row tard
core for 16 months in a row who says
fish fish meringue Space Marines Jack
come on temper tantrum observer Tron
9000 for 21 months in a row cheap Olaf
for 22 months in a row look at Jones
says yo-yo Cuba 99 who says been
watching for a few more than two months
then realized I could support y'all for
free with Amazon Prime thanks for the
lasting good times
panini meanie containing any Emma Ruru
who says hope you guys have a great rest
of the week thank you
but tummy giggles who says an important
question guns or thorns you probably
rather have a gun in most situations
why not both sure sure why not both a
gun is good for any situation further
away than 10 feet but within that radius
I you know there's a lot of quick
movements the Thord might be better you
have two characters in a moving
antagonist protagonist yeah sword sword
fight might generally be better for just
like a fight between two people no no no
I suppose she's just peeking around
corner and take a chance at each other I
don't know yeah then then you got a
sword I think for a lot of situations
the Thord might win okay but that is an
important question you're absolutely
right ah future pres de are B who says
thanks for the stream lost my place
whisker cuddles says it's my two months
guys I can't believe it oMG I'm gonna
get some chocolate needed and then I'll
get more chocolate eat that and then
more chocolate do it pirate XCore don't
worry jack
I enjoy your yapping even when you're
wrong keep up the entertainment guys I'm
so sorry I do what I can
Betty Harvey r.i.p big man mokey be 85
for 49 goddamn motherfucking months in a
row this is a wreckers I've been
subscribed for 49 months how awesome
this is something I can guarantee Jack
does like but if he doesn't it gets
better after month 142 thanks mokey
swore says Thor's hammer
oh maybe a little lightheaded
so yeah I don't care if the feeders
Kalandar dingus hmm
John 1089 434 fucking months in a row
says how many yaks could a yak yakety
yak if Jack's yak yak my yak that
amazingly I got that perfectly I'm gonna
first write punter 75 did it smolder is
awesome
says I use my free prime thingy it's
it's true if you have Amazon Prime
and subscribe to one streamer per month
and it doesn't cost you any extra money
but we get a little bit so a really nice
thing even though the the workers at
Amazon sorting factories are generally
in terrible conditions and I know
there's a lot of strikes going on at
Amazon right now so like things are a
little iffy over there and I definitely
support workers rights but you know also
you know world workers do sport us I
forgot where we were Digg Lucky Beatz a
train 11 for 41 fucking months in a row
mother present
yeah that's mother fucking months in a
red is that is mother fucker please read
11 for 41 motherfucking months in a row
says hey you hacks might be quitting my
job soon so this might be the last one
for me for a while enjoy no thank you
do what you do what you can't you don't
have to do this one man save your money
if you need to absolutely noob camper 89
Europe I'm sorry Europe there we go
and Fox Oh blinky way who says spawn not
in the face not in the face I get
reference Sean for thirty four months in
a row fucking months in a row for thirty
four fucking months in a row
who says are we gonna get a Batman
he-man countdown if they hit it off in
the crossover issue Batman he made
across they're doing all the cross it's
so fucking we're very popular Rocky
solo five six seven for 30 fucking
months in a row
who says 30 months aimless Corsair says
magnanimous generous are forgiving
especially towards a rival or less
powerful powerful person that's what I
would have assumed but I didn't really
know sure one and you were you were
obviously using that in a sarcastic yeah
yeah
and so like as I've heard it used before
right and like using context clues I
kinda knew but I didn't know the exact
yeah five three zeroes skeptic this is
rich are you gonna get anthem no like oh
they're just need yes
buyers are already dead don't you
realize that what is there is a corpse
the people who made by our Bioware have
already moved on it's just it's just a
dancing course it's the dancing a corpse
puppet yeah yeah they got their strings
and it looks kind of blob regardless I
don't know big ugly suits flying around
a really ugly looking world I okay I'm
sold
I'm sold sour frog a slight buzzing for
15 months in a row says however you say
my name it's the right way you say it
like like ei pulled a dumber
I'm Bioware wait a dog or a dumber
you know they ate it no he was trying to
turn the EEA tried to turn Bioware under
they're like just sex zombie that's the
thing dumber did he drill holes in
people's head and like pour chemicals
and they're hoping it would kind of
lobotomize them
hmm yeah and that's what by and that's
what that's what Bioware is to EA they
drilled a hole in its head and they
poured a bunch of chemicals in hoping to
just turn it into their their their
puppet but instead it's just it's just
dying
that's a great metaphor Creed 4G shots
446 motherfucking months in a row who
says hey guys thanks for all the
entertainment as always hope your summer
has been going well up till a 419 you
know lagaye you know lagaye that's the
name of an airplane frog water Black
Dynamite says are you guys looking
forward to anything at Comic Con I don't
even know what's happening at Comic Con
when is Comic Con so no I'm sorry
we'll get the news it'll come yes
eventually Hoff mad zero Jordanna for 17
months in a row since it's official I
have wasted 17 months of my life with
you you hack bastards yeah
congratulations Amy tasu kadhai Chuck
Fox for 16 months in a row says fuck I
have two recent scribe using my free
Amazon Prime twitch subscription play
pray 2017 you fucks it's a roguelike
vote now Jack oh my god I played a
little bit of it and it just seems to be
fairly generic I haven't played it and
have no opinion on it great might be
great it's anything's possible spent
sermon one Miller wrote to a bar bus the
dog who says wrecking ball hype 724 the
balls are Unleashed he's talking about
the new overwatch character which is
literally a hamster in a giant ball are
they you're purchasing their conga line
oh wait they might be I know I mean it's
a new character actually he looks very
interesting yeah he looks very very
interesting but I mean like literally
he's a hamster in a giant ball it's not
a joke no it's not a joke
is a hamster and a ball but you know
like it looks interesting because you
have two forms like one you can just be
a ball and roll around and hurt people
like that but then you don't have any
guns but you move pretty fast and then
you can stop being a ball and have guns
and move pretty slow but he also has
like a Spider Man type mechanic where he
can like grapple on to stuff and then
he's literally a wrecking ball like you
can swing around and hurt people okay
it's a very interesting new character
and if I were still playing the game I'm
not playing the game anymore
if I were still playing it I'd be
excited about it it might be enough to
make me redownload it it might be enough
but yeah it's getting conga line we're
like 9/10 the way to conga line already
all right Spencer man 1 wait did we do
that when we did that once party bearer
yes bad dong kirby 0o5 mr. elephants for
22 months in a row who have says have
you seen sorry to bother you we have
nots it is on my list of movies that I
would really like to see though Marcos
1000 for 22 months in a row and Oliver
Jimmy thank you all for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do have a nice night
