Jun 13, 2018
E3 2018
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/273173027
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/273173026
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/273173028
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5i-9XedyyM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiSUg0dqD9A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1hbGvzDqPs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1006977057975349249

[Part I]
Maria's high definition for the first
time let's see well know exactly when
the stream starts and just started oh
that's right
oh my God look what oh that's all that
works that's gonna be that's I love it
that's gonna be really weird man I love
it it's gonna be really weird that is
great very strange rich there's the nice
I'll just try going like that so easy to
use yeah give myself bunny ears in the
past oh my god what is happening
look our background it's crazy it's
great time your skirt yes I needed a
video card so we this is our first
stream for oh yeah X out of that this is
our first stream like side of that -
great hey there we go
this is our first stream from our brand
new dedicated streaming computer yeah we
needed a graphics card
I bought a $30 graphics card because for
some reason xsplit needs a dedicated
graphics card to run its processing
through yeah so I just got the cheapest
one I could find well and as I told her
it's a I found actually one for $25 it's
my fault I encourage you to save money
by not getting
say well just get something integrated
we just need something with a decent
processor to stream and it's not me and
it's also my fault because I didn't
check the minimum requirements to
exploit okay I could have done that too
oh you could have it's our fault
basically I guess I just assumed because
it was a piece of software there's no
way it would require a graphics card you
know like it was like every modern game
like every well I know this is not a
game you know I know you know what I'm
saying so in any case we did we got a
graphics card everything is good this is
running through our integrated capture
card and so games should no longer be we
should no longer be dropping frames
we're broadcasting in 1080p which is
something we haven't done before it's a
crazy world we're living in and I'm sick
fYI is Rich's beard red the color might
be a little off button I mean my beard
is a little reddish okay well I think I
think compared to the rest of my hair
there you go
great so what the well $30 graphics card
having a VRAM to run this set up yes
because we're still by the way one of
the options in xsplit is to run all of
the processing through your CPU which we
are still doing I don't know why we need
a graphics card it's just the way they
set up their software you need that
graphics card before the preview or
something supposedly wasn't it I guess
we are using look we're at like 97% of
our GPU usage yeah so we're pushing the
GPU to the max I can't even believe that
right I wonder if that's just because I
did I pushed our preview up to 1080
maybe that's why mm-hmm but yeah so here
we are and what's the what's the the
the rule what's what are we doing today
we're looking at e3 shit I thought right
we're looking at e3 that's true we're
looking at e3 shit actually and before
we look at e3 shit rich I'd like to
bring up something I'd like to make yet
another recommendation of a current
sci-fi show that you should watch ok
because I just started watching
something and I am shocked at how good
it is what what is this the gritty
realistic lost in space reboot oh yeah
have you seen it I heard about it I
haven't seen it it is shockingly legit
good huh I would never have expected it
all right before you look at the chat
yeah you wanna see the first the first
the only game I care about yes I do
now close your eyes if you don't you
have no idea that this exists tell me
when I can look take a look
Oh oh yeah my CV oh yeah yeah it's up
there I guessed already I guess by the
dunk by the way right
that is probably super fucking loud yeah
I should be fine yes
Arak neutrons in the background we got
barons of hell wielding swords regular
old demons you got big tentacles in the
background that looks like a building so
they're on earth III is over this is it
I'm done
no one's are coming out unless they
announced that new X come I'm done that
was it that's the only thing you care
about normally I get pissed off if I
don't see gameplay footage I have enough
faith that I am gonna fade at this point
doom eternal you said they changed the
suit just just take a look at the the
suit it's not the pre-tour suit okay
that's a bear arm is it that's a classic
doom bear forearm oh oh okay that's the
classic school with a this the the
helmet was like good like great that's
the old school doom outfit okay
interesting do meter the the name
eternal now I'm gonna precursor this
yeah with doom 2016 was so fucking good
they get a ton of leeway yeah but if any
other developer gave their their their
game egg after : like eternal Oh
gameplay August 10th at QuakeCon that
makes sense that would make sense if
anyone gave gave a subtitle of eternal I
would assume it would it had some it
would have some sort of line thing oh
yeah does an eternal reek of like like
you know interactivity foreverness you
know like you know you know I think they
miss the boat it should have been
eternal doom that would have been a
cooler name eternal doom let's see I
guess that that is a cool name yeah
doom eternal is also really cool that's
just like though like I said I have full
trust because doom 2016 was yeah yeah
they they've won themselves away well
and you know what you watch that noclip
documentary about the the lead game
designer and just how he like he's such
a fanboy of doom I'm not super worried
but that that would that would it make
me skeptical am eternal doom forever
doom live you know that kind of thing
just you know doom to doom harder that's
why not just due to cuz there's already
enough confusion when they called the
other one doom when there was a doom and
then they're gonna call the sequel doom
to where was it doomed to I get it yeah
they could have gotten away with it but
I totally get it
okay that's fine that's fine no man's
doom yeah vials are back
is the doom fan I see some of the things
the pain elemental is back oh well
that's great no that's super exciting
but if we're gonna see gameplay in
August it's right not coming out until
next year well I'm not super shocked
alright so how do we want to organize
this well I think last year we did it
freeform we I guess we're starting with
PC stuff that's probably coming out and
everything anyway oh sure but that was
probably for the Bethesda yeah stuff do
we want to just like concentrate on the
Bethesda stuff like do you care about
fallout 70 what do you pull up in a
laptop I open up a tab jo√£o III reveals
or a list of e3 2018 games okay cuz I
give no fuck about like them the Sony
press conference I am a corporate
douchebag and weird this year's synergy
we're gonna have lots of synergy with
the product I don't give a shit about
watching that actually the the Sony
press rebel that's the only one I I
watched live and there was nobody on
stage he was just just trailer trailer
trailer though it was bizarre as hell
yeah so so they're their press
conference was set to start at like 8
o'clock at night Milwaukee time and they
start with the Last of Us 2 trailer
right yeah and they're like people are
in this old like barn looking place with
lights because that's what they show on
the trailer and they show the trailer
and then they cut to the audience and
the audience is quiet and confused and
then it cuts to people like it cuts to
commentators talking behind a desk about
like all the exciting reveals that Sony
is about to have but the press
conference started already it was crazy
it was crazy rich well I just I just
searched for YouTube for e3 2018 trailer
yeah I guess we could just go down the
list okay sure
is that some smart that sounds smart
wait you want to watch death stranding
and I'm still sick so if I make
disgusting noises right
I'll turn it back away from Mike but you
can just deal with it man yeah
you just deal with it all right sixteen
make it big
now my god fuck you
Kojima he wants to show a baby but I've
liked some of his games
we get we do get a tiny glimpse of what
the gameplay is gonna be in this I think
and I'm surprised I've got the
extinction factor I think you got maybe
you can see them right
must be tough out here on your own I
can't help you with that I make
deliveries that's all
I'm just thinking about the doom trailer
I started to like Bob my head to the
doom music to do and people are gonna
think I'm enjoying this but I was
bobbing my head to the doom music down
dare dare dare dare dare dare dare dare
damn okay so I think so we have Mars I
think this is the gameplay I think this
has got an oil crisis thing right but
now are we on Mars no I don't know where
we are
I believe in this game rich we are a
delivery boy and we have to deliver
packages I think this is the game play
I think this might be a an actual
walking simulator no I know look at it
look this is what they're showing us No
that's what I think mall Ratko I I also
think it's going to be I also think this
is going to be up
I think this might be okay that was a
gun I think I think this might be a
mediocre game and it's gonna be very
funny seeing people bend over backwards
to try to defend that seems like a lot
of walking
but jackets art yeah because it's art
because it doesn't make sense that's
true it's very much art very very armed
something I forgot we forgot rich
I just realized we're gonna have to talk
about this when it comes out yep yep we
are we're gonna have to play it and
everything and I hope there are lots of
toys this is this is one we gots to play
man
yo
oh it's only halfway done I like Mike
during I fucking best of the worst view
I what's the time what's the time what's
the time on that on that VHS we're 20
minutes in we're 1/3 done could be good
it could be anything we know nothing
about the game it could be good this
could be a metal gear 5 situation where
the gameplay is really fun indeed they
did just show four minutes of walking
I got an idea
the baby in the jar is like a battery
this whole goal in life Kojima just just
to push the boundaries and figure out
how much he can get people to take
seriously can we make the flashlight
flap why just just do it just do it oh
no there's a there's definitely a
meaning behind it no no no really it has
artistic you see the flapping it's it's
like it's like someone's talking you see
just how much shit he can pull out of
his ass yeah where someone calls him on
it yeah
i crypto wired a day keeps the time fall
away
you're too late you still don't know who
I am do you
oh my god it's going to spell TRO I
don't know who that is I think that was
Lindsay Wagner who's Lindsay Wagner oh
never mind you don't know do you know I
don't know just from back in the day Oh
actress oh she's one of them actresses
the Bionic woman's power to the power of
the players that's great great um let's
let's take a little moment digest death
stranding just for a little bit we we
liked so much of Metal Gear Solid 5
Ridge I know we did I know and like I
get it like Kojima is apparently not the
easiest person to work with but it does
seem like he's pushing it seems like
he's being weird for the sake of being
weird you know and that's that's
generally not my shtick but hey but hey
I don't get anything out of that I don't
get anything out of that Hey look I when
when it showed them walking through the
nothingness with all the packages I say
oh well maybe it's you know your and he
says he's a delivery guy he's like oh I
just do deliveries that's what I do and
so it's just like well what is I'm
trying to discern what possible gameplay
we can get out of it and there's nothing
there there's just nothing there okay
you want a fun delivery game Crazy Taxi
mm-hmm insanely fun delivery game yeah
that's a great game I'm down with Crazy
Taxi
I'm down crazy tackle Jima is making
crazy taxi he hasn't shown off the taxi
in any of the trailers yet that's gonna
be the surprise well the the taxi is
actually a mostly naked woman but a
giant mostly naked woman and you have to
put the packages up her but you see but
it's a very artistic it's very very
artistic all right all right let's get
we got some tips we got some tips here I
used two lizard game says hey Jack I'm
rich did you get a chance to check out
comet striker before choking to death on
the food you ate before the stream I
have not lice blizzard games but I got
your email I will check it out the
people who made that mute crimson game
we played on stream uh it was a
platformer black and white and red ok it
was a while it was a while ago they made
a new game yeah I will check it out
promise let's see here gobbledygook s--
says did it seem like this year there
was much more gameplay footage in most
reveals it seemed like the game
companies are listening to reveals other
than I have not been following this
other than doom yeah and I ended up
seeing the spider-man bits they showed
well you know we did get there there's a
lot of good gameplay bits in the
spider-man track yeah that's all I've
seen yeah I haven't watched you like one
and a half conferences maybe two and a
half conferences like maybe it's hard to
tell though cuz it it all really goes by
in a blur there's way too much
information given out in that three days
and and if you watch a conference I
don't know how you can possibly hold
your focus for more than five minutes at
a time I started owning out just just go
cry I never even watched the
conference's zero interest the way I
always handled III was what's going on
yeah I'm at the end of the day I'm gonna
check the websites I'm gonna get a list
of the games that have been announced
yeah and what looks interesting in that
list of names but I have never sat down
and watched a conference
other than I think what I had to do it
with you further when we did the episode
yep I'm the III in the back in the day
that's right we did yeah I do know that
there are there were three separate
samurai games announced did you hear
about this
no there's neo - okay there is a a
samurai game called actually one that
looks really good yes I'm getting to
that
there the what was the what was the
third samurai game
there's neo - there was second row which
is from from from software okay from
software is doing a samurai game okay
and then there is like fuck you neo
you try to take over our territories can
be a gang war
and then there's ghosts of Tsushima
which actually looks really decent
combat wise but but yes from software
just said oh yeah a neo was samurai dark
so that's that's cute but they're
supposed to be we're gonna spit of space
thing maybe they are no space samurai
space samurais from software samurai
game is an action game
not a soul style game wats okay let's
look up these let's look up do we care
about neo - I we look up we can look up
whatever I don't give a shit I don't
care about neo - go go III 2018 ghost
yeah that one just looking at the doubt
this PlayStation 1 that one
yeah wait wait wait wait wait oh yeah
well let me do let me do there okay
now you are free yep no good so choose
that camera
yeah watch it under under me go back cuz
then we don't have so much commercials
oh yeah
you have the the red I have the red here
that I got I got one of them YouTube
Reds so then we don't have to watch
commercials so three separate samurai
games and like I want to say like for
pirate games too and I don't think that
pirates are that popular or samurais too
for that matter
but I am mean obviously I'm wrong
because they made them all this one this
one uh so give me one second let me log
in I have ridiculously long passwords
nope that's not it
how about you
how do I know if caps lock is on we
would know that all right should have a
a light on my keyboard there is no light
on a keyboard let us off but there's no
light and to be turned on then you click
somewhere else city type some letters
and you see if Kappa Pakistan how about
that there we go that's it okay great
all right so what is this now oh yeah
this looked like this look like this
look interesting I have ridiculously
long passwords is the password Shh this
is the from software one no this is not
the from software one a though it looks
like the from software everyone actually
I didn't see the from software trailer
so we should watch that next
it just look so pretty
this is made by Sucker Punch the team
that did the infamous games says
vorticons
okay I didn't play any infamous games
did you play the infamous games I've
heard of them great I've seen them no
they can't see anything that's right I
will fix that Hey look there's the
trailer we're still figuring this out
guys
there you go we started huh yeah he just
literally his horror he's just walked he
pet his horse everything's fine
no Bo come
give you a two-minute band are you guys
from British you called me a prick so
I'll give you a two-minute band what do
they call you a Berkeley I don't know
they're just a jack prick and I give
them a two-minute band for it
I saw that comment I didn't like it ban
all right this is not the from software
one this is the other one this is the
other one I am I have so much power so
much power
so this could be interesting the combat
looks neat you know stances looks like
maybe who knows who knows basement one
says Jack you do not sign my poster
basement one you gotta you have to you
have to ask you have to say specifically
who you want to sign what and if you did
specifically say you wanted me to sign
it I didn't see it
so I'm sorry usually they leave stuff
out for me on the table there's a table
and there's stuff left out for me that
says to sign but if you just say like if
you just say like I want all of you to
sign it they usually assume that means
rich Jane Mike so you have to ask for me
specifically heads up I did hear about
that master Kenobi talk about that after
we watch this trailer like staff and
people on the ground that's an admirable
trait he's keen you know he's putting
them out of their misery rich
cos we're the goofy outfit I can only
assume there are there are different
outfits with different stat abilities
rich as that is the the flavor in almost
all games or is it gonna be like
spider-man with that ugly giant white
spider is going to be distracting in the
entire game
oh that's just you I don't mind it I
hate it it pops no it doesn't it pops it
looks stupid it makes it look like he's
trying out to be the next Captain
America yeah pops just Captain America's
outfit pops - it's fine I'm gonna make a
fucking giant white spider mask and I'm
gonna have it on my face yeah during our
entire review for that game okay I
couldn't go out to hear what the legs oh
wait he's gonna have spider legs just
gonna have legs that come out and you're
just gonna be like doesn't my it doesn't
my new oh I'm not gonna say anything
about it you're gonna have a mouth are
you gonna be muffled the whole time I'll
be muffled the whole fucking time fuck
it that's hilarious I love it I hope you
do it not only am i encouraging this I'm
now demanding it arkham samurai
yep nicely
oh no but it's like this is exactly like
the fear takedown but it's cool it's
cool looking
it looks like it could be a fun action
game neat atmosphere could be a neat
run
we fight mungus win they already won
you're my friend
me
pretty place to have a duel
so pretty
as gaming reached the uncanny valley
it's realistic enough but not really
enough no I mean you know it's I don't
know the uncanny valley tell me if I
have the premise right is when when
graphics for human features become so
good that our brain starts rejecting
them because we know they're wrong
yeah they're there the closer you get
the looking human you hit a spot where
it's just it's it's off-putting right
until you're basically perfect and it
looks exactly like a human but it looks
just a little bit off it's it's
off-putting stop it
I don't know stop it and win anyway stop
it I don't know the people's faces are
always gonna be hard I don't know if
we're ever gonna reach the point of the
uncanny valley just because people's
faces you know okay so now look up s EK
iro
okay here we go this is the from
software one
the ghost game looked except ibly good
yeah look funnel wait looks like death
but that's cool like a bowl norm
some time has passed since I found you
there master still lives the soon make
use of his blood time the men you have
lost will give away to something more
you'll learn to appreciate it's worth
Oh crapola it's the fun way to traverse
yeah
and lookin I think that I just barked on
a sword and I'm into that
I'm done with this yeah yeah this looks
like this
giant mah giant monster man and bugs and
bone arms grapple hooks is gonna be
great
that's from a bit disappointing the
monsters at some point right the best
monster designs in the past decade a
thumbs up for the trailer yeah coming
next year Xbox one ps4 and PC yep oh
nice yeah that's and that is hey don't
worry guys
come on a PC that's great watch the
spider-man one that's what - spider-man
1 we could talk about the spider-man
talk about the effort let's talk about
the FO actually wait don't click on it
yet let me catch up on tips a little bit
dude dude hey rich yeah I thought you
might be interested in seeing this
gameplay footage from the Metro game the
mention of the stealth indicator
reminded me of something from theif that
you always enjoyed its long maybe watch
it later ok no good do you know anything
about Metro no ok great
let's see here tired and sad said have
either of you watched the new season of
Westworld the last episode was a fucking
masterpiece piece the death stranding
might be an interesting movie that Jay
would like it doesn't even look like an
interesting movie and could be honest
with you but as a game it looks boring
as fuck no it looks like a guy walking
you know we you have a couple indie
filmmaker tropes that are terrible and
one of them is is in the woods because
it's a cheap place to film the other is
someone walking in barren like
construction yards or crumbly wastelands
because that's also really cheap to film
yeah so yeah that's not that's not
looking not getting me too excited yet
I'll tell you I'll tell you what okay
hey let's watch my weight open world
good
oh well that's an open world gameplay
demo well we'll do that next okay we'll
do that next
I'm curious about the open world me too
I haven't seen that demo time I have
watched this before I've watched this
before - it looks alright I really want
to see how the game decides to handle an
actual fucking boss battle yeah like
this does give us a really good
indication about how it's going to deal
with who thought that white spider was a
good idea
it totally does not go with the color
scheme makes it look like this has got a
patriotic hero now I don't get it I
don't like it
now I broke it sorry everyone if we're
getting it all
a stream looks laggy from our end you
guys are we getting frames dropped or is
that just because I messed with it I
messed with the camera and now we're
getting all leggy but is it is it laggy
for you guys did we just jump did we
just drop a ton of frames or is that
just on my end it's fine jack it's fine
oh okay memorize them just on our screen
did you see rich did you see that
yeah it's yep it's jag it's everything
on the screen
yeah but they say to us as long as I
think it's fine and there's no drop
frame so okay it's a fine design and
electro but this is these prisoners with
the collar that that's like a
straight-up ripoff of Arkham Asylum oh
yeah yeah I don't think they're hiding
the fact that this is Arkham
this is Batman Arkham they do that white
spider the mask looks great the mask
looks great everything else it's like
crap on that costume no I don't know the
weird red bits on the leg that ugly
white spider why is there a why is there
a bit of blue over the the stripe down
the chest and the belt why is there a
stripe of glue there looks good don't
you don't mess with a fucking classic I
I think what they were probably worried
about is is making sure that you have
spider-man there that he's you have his
orientation cuz there's gonna be a lot
of floors a wide spider on the front and
the back there's a lot of flipping and
so they won if I wanted to make sure
that things are fucking look better if
they made it black it's superficial but
it's ultra distracting and you're
looking at it all the time
this is Miles Morales spider-man no
Lloyd beats this is this is Peter Parker
spider-man help oh now we're dropping
frames yeah look it's all it's all fuck
you figure out what's going on it's all
figured out this might have to be one of
those okay
our CPU is fine our GPU is really hurtin
and we this is a problem because I like
I messed with our camera during this
dream oh wow what if we what if we go to
this and then come back why would you
why would you mess with something why
would I mess with something
how would you mess with something was
working why would you mess with
something
why would I mess with something rich why
would I did you do that why would I do
that
that's that's the important question is
why would I do that we did the classic
turn it off turn it back on again okay
and oh we dropped a little bit there but
now now we're good
it was my fault I messed with the camera
don't fiddle with things don't I
shouldn't have fiddled with things and I
fiddled with things don't fiddle the
things I did I fiddled and I'm very
sorry
this looks smooth and buttery yeah I'm
very sorry I missed I messed with all
the things and it was my fault so what
are you gonna do really okay okay Audio
end video in sync
great we don't need a good GPU up here
I'm gonna defend this because we did not
buy this computer to play games on it
right and I had a a chat conversation
you know a technical support chat
conversation with xsplit yeah and I was
talking with them about a GPU and and
the my chat support
presentative said literally any GPU
there was no minimum requirement they
just need any GPU and I specifically
said I can buy a $30.00 GPU and the Andy
GPU okay so apparently though if you
have a lesser GPU you can't mess with
the stream X with xsplit while streaming
that's the lesson we've learned today so
anyway let's go okay should I start this
spider-man that thing over or we just
good good good I think the important
thing because we've both seen this I
think most people have seen this I
really want to see the open-world stuff
but we can't continue watching this so
for the person who's asking earlier
Miles Morales spider-man has a
completely different outfit his outfit
is black and red so this is definitely
Peter Parker spider-man as far as we
know right it's Peter Parker spider-man
this could be like a different universe
spider-man all together starting to
realize something about myself and
spider-man Jack what's that rich I'm not
very hyped about this game this isn't a
bad okay like I'm unconvinced that the
boss battles won't suck because of that
awful fucking QuickTime event they
showed last year yeah you know but
regardless I'm not super hyped about
this game okay and I'm I'm reminded
about an interview I read with one of
the spider-man writers I think it was
Gary Conway but I'm not 100% sure it
with him okay it's like a wizard
magazine years ago like how many years
so this is something I probably read 20
years ago now okay he had said that in
his later years of writing spider-man he
was he was getting older ResLife yeah
and he started writing more stories
about like Robbie Robertson like the
editor of The Daily Bugle because Gary
conway think it was Gary Conway might
not be him but the writer was getting
out of yours and he didn't identify as
much with Peter Parker anymore so he
started writing stories about like the
older guy
sure we could Egon identify with yeah
and I'm realizing I haven't read a
spider-man comic book in 10 years right
like I don't have any fucking idea who
that chick he was flying in the
helicopter was and I have not been all
excited about that character and I would
I'm I'm like a middle-aged man now yeah
yeah that's true I I might have grown
out of spider-man that's fair when when
I left spider-man
early thirties with Peter Parker at that
time later 20s yeah had a wife had Karen
yeah ten years on I'm a middle-aged man
and Peter Parker Simmons single schmuck
working shit jobs yeah so it's like I
think we've grown apart me and
spider-man I think I still I'm still
very fond of spider-man yeah but the
connection the connection Jack yeah I'm
too elderly for spider-man well and you
know I know you've you've always liked
Peter Parker spider-man because of his
this whole you know the the the
basically the uber nerd you know he's
the uber nerd who got the powers I for
me I know I'm just more of a fan of just
kind of that power fantasy like being up
bad guys doing web swing and that kind
of thing
so like I'm still in the spider-man but
I hear where you're coming from where
you can't necessarily get on board with
spider it with teenage spider-man now
that you're an old man yeah yeah yeah
so they then made a big deal of
mentioning that there were five of them
right so we know the the person of the
NDC's that's gonna be backyard this is
this is their version of the Sinister
Six sure but it does say you which means
it's gotta be someone we know
sure it's gonna be doc ock they're doing
a sinister six thing yeah yeah I I would
expect something like that yeah for the
fuck's mr. negative I'm gone it's gone I
don't know who mr. negative mr. negative
I don't know I have no idea I'm sure
there are plenty and kids who read the
comic books now and they're excited but
I don't know if anyone's excited about
mr. negative
I mean come on look at him then just use
the hobgoblin and fix that costume
Thanks fix that goddamn costume yeah go
yeah that one let's see what this open
world this you should so track down web
of shadows this doesn't look that
different oh yeah I tried it there the
head of some PC versions available at
one point like some of the some of the
aerial fighting or spider-man's you know
weapon up to somebody kicking them and
then weapon to someone else yeah that's
all web shadows like that kind of shit
yeah right there yes total totally web
shadows living within New York City and
seeing that so
Adam is one of he's one of our combat
pro players it cuz he's a combat
designer and again just showing off some
really hot well that's kind of cheating
having the combat designer yeah show you
some kind of like yeah give it to
someone else give it to a first time see
if they can just dick around and have
some fun obviously they want to show
this video they talk about the costume
do they talk about whether or not you
can change it we're gonna be talking
over this so we don't want to hear them
talking me too loud well I do if they're
gonna talk about that awful fucking
costume oh that's a good-looking City
you know what I like about that city
immediately you know what pops in my
head immediately is all the buildings
look different I think that's that was a
problem with like you know the the big
open world spider-man's over the past is
every building was a great block here it
looks like I might actually be able to
find my way around New York just by
looking at buildings Oh Denny faceplant
why isn't it boots
they got sneakers how did they get the
masks all right everything else wrong I
like that I like the little glove II
things that's fine like you like what
you like Jack I don't tell you what to
like it's my opinion god dammit I'm with
you not I I understand the things you
were saying is what I meant by I'm with
you what's worse this or the iron
spider-man costume the movie version or
the comic version the comic version the
comic book version has the plus of being
so bizarre it's interesting as a
temporary thing sure as a disposable
thing and you know it's not gonna stick
around
it's interesting maybe like for one
issue sure lasted like three months for
the yeah three issues why play other
games it's it's one of those things that
has that again just like combat that
picks and play feel but want players to
have a level no I missed he stuck a
thing on his back and after like a timer
blinked it like shot a webbing Betterman
really need a timer for something like
that what the guy to a wall well you
know the extra webs like it's like an
extra hand basically spider-man is
murdering people yes
spider-man is throwing people off of
buildings I'm sure there's a web strand
yeah now that one I didn't see it these
in the Arkham games they they fucking
cheated never everyone who fell just
happen to be attached via a grappling
hook right something
is the game doing this yeah that was a
really big computer a little USB drive
to be able to kind of look up at the big
screen and see your game after after all
I think this is gonna be a lot of my
time playing this is just is just
web-swinging
that was that was one of my favorite
things in Arkham night web-swinging
yes basically right do like they had
that like that like rocket grapple and
then you just like glide yeah over the
city they've said there will be other
costumes that's good unless you want to
pay extra I'm assuming none of them are
going to be the original great next yeah
it looks like they're done next
could be fun oh yeah why don't we look
up next why don't you look up cyberpunk
yeah that's the this is the new game
from said the project red the makers of
The Witcher and you know owners of gag
2077 they voted my city the worst place
to live in America
main issues sky high rate of violence
and more people living below the poverty
line than anywhere else
can't deny it it's all true
everybody still wants to live here he's
always got a promise according to Sun
the shamans salmon's the producer says
there will be no DLC or
microtransactions
oh I assume they talk about the Spider
Man you going
it's a city of dreams well screen oh
yeah yeah
oh this is probably available dear and
free on GOG - of course the approach
you're in this said the poi oh yeah
that's cool car yeah
word on the street is it is going to be
a first-person RPG first-person first
first yes come down yeah look sleazy Oh
see actual gameplay then because that
wasn't really first-person anything that
was story bed so we're good get out of
this see if there is world steep there
is a gameplay I don't I don't know if
there is gameplay out there that's just
gonna be people talking over the trailer
is my assumption maybe none we saw 45
minutes of gameplay here's what we
thought okay so no I don't think there's
any right right right
okay that's why no gameplay yet but I
mean listen for as many people out there
who gushed all over the Witcher and The
Witcher is a great game The Witcher 3
III had a lot of fun playing the bit of
the which I did the the bit of The
Witcher I did getting like 2030 hours of
gameplay I played this much of The
Witcher right it looks like this could
be a fun world to walk around in yeah so
it could be cool I like shithole futures
that aren't complete dystopias sure
almost dystopias high hyper hyper slum
I'm shocked the main character isn't a
chick isn't that just kind of a
cyberpunk thing isn't the main character
always a girl with no taint care or
something no usually the main character
meets up with a girl with pink hair like
tank girl I'm thinking like Johnny
pneumonic yeah okay I guess that was
cyberpunk I there's probably at one
point you need to run into all the cyber
chicks of a cyberpunk chicks but no I
think usually it's a dude okay this is
okay
unusual do because he looks like it he
looks like a beefy bruiser instead of
like a hacker yeah yeah usually you're a
thin trench yeah like see you're like a
cyber samurai and he just looks like a
thug which makes me like it like I can
hack a firewall and this guy just
punches him in the face grand theft
future yeah yes yes let's see what we
got here
true blue review says also don't bother
with any Nintendo stuff their show was
new Mario Party indie games being ported
and a half-hour about new smash yes that
is very true five minutes was an
announcement of every fighter in Smash
is coming back I know you don't care
about Smash Brothers at all you do I do
so that's all they announced fer games
yeah they talked a little bit more about
the Pokemon games the Mario Party looks
really interesting I don't know if
you've ever played at Mario Party and
familiar enough with it they've actually
designed the new Mario Party to be
played with multiple switches in
handheld mode uh-huh and they had
actually a neat thing where they were to
rearrange them and that would like
affect the gameplay and like putting
them down on a table so look like it
could be fun I don't know if I'll ever
do that as someone who really likes
Super Smash Brothers the announcement of
every character that was in every Super
Smash Brothers coming back which means
we got snake back we get the pokemon
trainer back we we get so many
characters back and then we get a couple
new characters we get we get Ridley from
Metroid we get us the splatoon people
daisy is coming in as an alternate skin
for peach which is about fucking time we
get to play as Daisy very important that
we get to play as Daisy don't you think
we get ice climbers back we get young
link new link outfit is is his blue
Heroes tunic of course the champions
tunic yeah I know well you can wear it
other yeah
but that's his default Ave look it looks
it looks like something I'm going to buy
and play because it's all all the smash
the only thing I'm a little disappointed
by is they dammit for you hoping that
you I was hoping that you missed an
ex-con three it was it was worth a
fucking shot oh you know we should look
up actually something that looked
actually kind of interesting on Nintendo
oh no no God look up Ubisoft and then
what was it called star no what's their
what's their flying game StarLink
StarLink over there the the Ubisoft
North America one which one down down
down down down that one
I don't know if it shows any of the
gameplay but basically this looks like
good no man sky
yeah the thumbnail gave it away yeah
yeah you're not you're not surprised to
be the thumbnail gave it away I know
that rich I'm sorry and well in during
the Ubisoft presentation there was much
longer bit yeah
that actually showed name is about it
then here's the down so like it looks
like good no man's sky like you can fly
around the galaxy you can go to planets
and do shit yeah but like there's actual
like enemies to fight and you can do
shit on the planet
it all looked really good from a
gameplay standpoint here's it's a
starfox game where starfox just in it
Star Fox is in the star link game but
look at that you actually have to buy
little guy and look on yeah no no it's
uh it looks worse than you think
what do you build it up is like it's
like they did no man's sky right no you
gotta buy these little figure Oh the
gameplay looks like this is no man's sky
right like the gameplay looks decent you
know yeah it's like Skylanders but for
spaceships you can buy like different
guns that you put on your wings yeah I
don't want to spend three hundred and
fifty eight dollars on one game right
cuz of all the plastic crap you need to
scan into a thing and even weirder you
put the ship on your controller I don't
know if they'll show it it's so bizarre
this looks like a very bizarre game
no man's sky landers sausage toes
woman's no man's skies like sausage toes
wins for coming up with the most obvious
joke ever that's a great pun and no one
else came up with it I do
sausage shows wins give me the mouse for
the most fun no man's sky Landers NuLu
be soft shooter is like no man's sky
meet sky Lannister they didn't call it
there we go he's no man's sky Landers
destructor okay sorry sorry sorry I'm
sorry sausage toes someone beat you to
it apparently you know what you're
fucking poser man busted all right
busted your ass sausage toes how awkward
oh I see here look they're gonna show
you look it's do you see it it's on your
controller
it looks so bizarre and then we're yeah
do you have to I don't know I don't know
if you need that on your control
they're gonna make a shitload of money
oh yeah cuz I want to fly that spaceship
and I'm assuming that's all the only way
you can get all the spaceships I don't
know I've seen some people in chat say
stuff like you can just buy them
digitally but you still have to buy them
like you might not need to buy the
little plastic thing but you need to buy
something yeah so alright what's next
what's next Oh mom why are game studios
like this because they're businesses and
they like to make money they like to
make so much money rich take a break you
can take a break
why are you gonna take a break where you
going he took the mouse
that fucker took the mouse

[Part II]
triple overview I have a lot of tips to
get through yet so I have not I don't
think I don't think I've missed anybody
oh I see it I did miss it okay I see it
um but uh oh wait till rich comes back
the big lecture about my patrols I've
already seen it I don't know why rich
left me with it but
you guys to make it one week oh yeah hey
I can't turn off anything I don't have
the mouse come on you start with me okay
I have a very serious question for you
how bad
it's a long trailer - I did like the
image did you guys see did you guys see
going around the image of the two
actresses who are in like the the mocap
suits doing this scene I thought that
was very funny there's no there's no way
there's no better way to take all of the
all of the like the beauty and
personality out of something than
showing how the sausage is made when
when rich comes back we'll show you guys
that because it's very very funny not
sweet dad to find it finding love in the
apocalypse eyes beautiful it's beautiful
I think is great I think the one thing I
was talking to Richard about this a
little bit earlier
the one thing that confused me is based
off of Elly's reaction to that kiss or
the lead-up to the kiss I had assumed
that Ellie like I had assumed that
nobody knew that Ellie was gay and
apparently that already came out in the
Last of Us DLC but the way she was
acting before that kiss kind of made me
think that like this was her first girl
kiss but apparently like I was just just
a normal thing but so I thought that was
just weird framing maybe was the first
time she kissed her but as someone who's
not very familiar with the last of a
series it took me by surprise but
she could yeah she kissed the other girl
on the DLC apparently I didn't play the
first game or the DLC and so it's all
news to me but like I said just the way
she reacted to that situation made it
seem like it was even a surprise to
Ellie but whatevs
that's good yes great yeah you you
juxtapose a sweet and tender human
moment with violence this is this is
already farty bullshit 101 is all great
I'm still not gonna play it like that's
I'm just not gonna play the game because
I know what it's gonna be it's gonna be
this and everything looks very scripted
so the cut is weird because it's like
you like the thing she remembered this
while kissing yeah maybe you took the
mouse Richard we're not even halfway
through we we just got done with the
with the hot hair Sam it we just got
done with the kiss here type something
for me yeah type the last of us to type
last of us to mocap suit
they they had I I saw I saw some I don't
know if they're gonna show it they they
had some wonderful images of the two
actresses doing that barn dance scene in
the mocap suits like doing the kiss yeah
and it's just like nothing takes nothing
takes the romance out of a scene like
seeing how the sausage is made you know
yeah I couldn't find it there on the
Google search button well I'm sure I'm
sure love interest dice Wow oh right you
know because art why not that's what I
was saying is just you know like tender
sweet human moment cut to you know
someone being stabbed in the neck that's
that's already 4101 as far as I'm
concerned
just nothing about this gameplay seems
interesting this looks incredibly
scripted what is the last of us camera
yeah exactly I'm like that's the thing
I'm not I'm just not interested in this
I was hoping this would be over by the
time I got back so we can watch
something else at any time you want
Ellie's voice actor is the waitress from
Avengers oh yeah well the person who is
doing the mocap looks like the the lady
from West world I wonder I don't know
what her name is just the lady that one
lady there's only one lady in West world
right there might only be one notable
one no there's there's many I'll find
her not Evan Rachel Wood later I'll find
it I'll find it what's her name
this one Shannon Woodward Shannon
Woodward is in Westworld did she do the
mocap or the Last of Us - apparently not
oh yeah she did ha she's diner she oh
she's she's doing the mocap for the lady
that Elly's kissing okay okay she's a
Westbrook she's good in West world
I take it word for it that's what I
that's all I got not Dolores she's like
she's like the UH she's like a junior
programmer she's kind of a minor
character but like I said she's Dinah
this is so scripted this is so scripted
but people love these games man people
love them
I don't quite get it but good for good
for the hey you know and like what's
important at the end of the day is you
find something that you enjoy yeah like
that's it that's it they're not for me
but good on you
does Rich hate the last of us very much
so yeah it's a lot of schmaltz and
boring third-person shooter mechanics
with some really crappy stealth yeah
we're just we're just watching it we're
not reviewing the trailers we're just
watching them and commenting on them
that's all rich sucked at it rich rich
couldn't figure out why the zombie they
made a big point of making the big deal
at how blind it was but it had really
good hearing yeah I kept getting
confused when I kept throwing things to
distract it and it would run straight
towards me I'm gonna throw a bottle over
there I'll run straight towards me yeah
true blue review is saying about the
Sony thing they said that at the press
conference so like the Sony the Sony
press conference was really strange
I had these large breaks in between
their gameplay trailers where they
thought you know those people at the
desk that we saw during the spider-man
open-world stuff they kept cutting back
to those people like in the middle of
the press conference it was very very
strange and triple review says there
were four separate venues one for each
major trailer and they literally herded
the people from place to place during
the desktop so like they would take the
audience who was in one location for the
last missed trailer go to the desk while
all those people came out of that venue
to a second venue for some reason for
some reason all right
a person in the chat I've never I don't
think I've said anything terrible about
Metroid Prime if I ever said anything
horrible about Metroid Prime you have in
that eye whenever I gush over Metroid
Prime
you're somewhat indifferent that's not
the same thing as hating it ya know that
means you hate it that's exactly what
that means
okay don't you know how the internet
works rich yeah you you weren't gushing
with me so that means you must hate it
okay that makes sense yeah settle down
how do you turn off autoplay we do this
just quickly this bar is going
alright you do you do I hate everything
today I said the spider-man game looks
good I said that the from software
what's a call and here then remember the
name that there's samurai game looks
fine it's a eco say eco my eco that did
look neat this standing stranding looks
like crap but it always has aha I had a
huge fucking smile on my face for doom
I'm sorry I don't like the same things
you like we got we got like 90 seconds
of doom oh you know what check out let's
check out what the range to fucking I
just want to watch it again I just want
to watch it again
those floating floating skyscrapers in
this ruined city i like those big brains
iraq neutrons iraq no drums i like them
the Barretts of health and swords fire
support
don't worry Chad there will be an
entirely new doom song for this doom so
we're gonna have a whole new soundtrack
when the music kick said when the
classic music kicks in I'm so in I can't
wait to see game play August right yeah
so we're a couple months away still but
hey that's great I I know I usually
bitch but there's no gameplay but they
have earned themselves so much leeway
it's pretty good
after doom 2016 I'm cutting them that
slack I'm just glad that another one is
coming
I'll give it like I'll give it like
eight out of 15 gay kisses looks pretty
good pretty good
I can Kentucky Fried creature says long
live prereq and rlm Thank You Kentucky
Fried a creature we appreciate it
oh yeah they want you to Metro Exodus is
what I saw they they want they want you
to see specifically Metro Exodus
official gameplay trailer boom
Peggy 18 ooh that means it's got dirty
stuff in it
Peggy 18
so most of the country has been
destroyed or occupied even those who
speak our language might be enemies by
conviction or out of fear let's move out
RT on that's a neat looking gun
okay it's first-person shooter mm-hmm
okay
a large open world okay great really
neat-looking guns so you just put on
rain cockles I've made it rain maybe
whatever he did didn't help his vision
okay
Oh giant fish it's gonna be fun yeah
this one's neat a bat monster yeah
when fired
I haven't not played any of the Metro
games which have you played in a poker
game
I think they're just open-world shooters
but I might be thinking of ARMA or their
boat they both are they both are yes one
or the other oh that looks fun that
fucking everything's come if you like
everything is coming out like next
February
every fucking game is coming out next
time release dates get jostled yeah
every game we got a tip unsurprisingly
Fire Emblem fangirl says will you please
watch the Fire Emblem three house
trailer alright that's just the tip I'm
reading right now
see this one's good for kids it's only
12 no adult stuff in this can you
imagine a Mario game with nudity Mario
goes like a strip club um I don't know
like you know just imagine Mario cuz we
saw Mario in his underpants in Super
Mario Galaxy right and you need to get
enough coins so she'll give you the
business and you get that star oh yes
don't tell a peach okay okay a peach pit
that's a good one hmm that's a good one
yeah
go ahead give me orders it's time to
measure your work as an instructor okay
grid based tactics mixed with just
straight-up anime
kilmister would like to correct
something Metro Exodus is not open world
oh it's not it's open world alike
sections that you spend a few hours with
and then move on okay then I must have
been thinking of ARMA okay
what was the one that Daisy was a motto
cuz I have a Tsar bomb that well okay
that's our mom I was thinking it was
Metro like all of them are mobs of our
mo right even like isn't uh isn't
fucking pub GM out of armor or didn't
it's always a part model have no idea
based on a mod for our mom yes sir all
right there you go Fire Emblem no we
didn't say metro was Ahmad rich thought
that Daisy was a mod of Metro but it's a
mod its amount of pub key or Daisy is a
mod of ARMA yes which is why I was
thinking that Metro was open-world you
see where we're going with this there's
a lot of there's a lot of little yeah oh
they announced Wolfenstein 300 it's good
they announced a water finish area 3 she
won't think about this one I want to
take a look at oh yeah we were gonna
whatever age to official gameplay
trailer Bethesda boom yeah early reports
of this say that the combat is very
doomed is very much like doing relation
well then good yes God turned his back
on humanity long ago
I think YouTube really wants us to watch
crow Jared's videos cuz I watched a
couple of his D&D; videos and now we're
doing III stephanie has a million III
video so it's like oh you got it like
this so yeah they are really pushing
hard
fear and the need for survival
you see part of growing up was watching
everything get taken from I stood by did
nothing first of all this Andrew W K
selling it's great so I will hear it as
many times as I want which is a lot
hello III and welcome to the world to
this one before this day there was a
live performance because for some reason
they think they need live musical
performance Andrew W K did a live
performance of the song before this
which was very awkward but he gave it a
hundred and ten percent like he always
does I on ironic season they waste a lot
of money at a three well it's not wasted
it's it's it's a it's press they do
things and so people can talk about them
it's publicity do you really need a live
music no no listen Nintendo is always
the winner they they pre record it they
release it and everyone still talks
about it and I'm sure they save a lot of
money I that's the way to do it yeah
boondocks no this looks good I'll give
this
I'll give this what what do you think
seven out of nine gay kisses lesbian I
mean gay any you know I personally value
lesbian kisses a little bit more sure
sure for the exchange rates not the same
then that's fair that's fair
everything will now be rated on a scale
of gays
I love em dude every case so much it's
so great look at the cursor talking at a
key if he can be your smile than fine
so it looks like they're moving away
from Mad Max and more and just some kind
of punk apocalypse Borderlands yeah
Borderlands meets Mad Max yeah yeah I
guess Borderlands is border man right
smells nice but yeah I think they're I
think they're doing something smart
which is going for style yeah
color a color is enriched that's fine oh
yeah I know I'm saying I'm just saying
that's like bright poppy colors what
game is just rage - yeah a weird one to
make a sequel to because I think that
first did very well you know the
Bethesda saw something saw something I
could sell that's right
that's how extras you have despised new
franchises out there where they're
willing to dig up even a failure even
even a failed but known IP is better
than something new yeah
proved beginning eco
rages buggy and endodontic flipping no
I've heard I've avoided it because I
find the cliffhanger thing annoying oh
yeah you and I I don't even remember
rage and one day coming out it was
completely off of my radar can you hear
me mementos looks like Ranger walkers
I like that little mini food push little
uh little dishonored power that's nice
look at how adorable that guy where'd he
find a football home at that big I love
man who ever came
just like his take on TV party tonight
every song has its take on a party a
party something there's a team there's
no there's a song TV party midnight oh
so now it's an existing song mmm I don't
know that one
okay oh I think I see fallout 76 down
there for honor it's for honor dlc dlc
and already I'm sorry I clicked on that
I'm gonna take a chance you know like
like III roulette what's that I never
heard of it what is it Oh some jackass
talk you got a stage you want to watch
Andrew W K live in front of awkward
people watching no no no I do not want
to where is it happen oh you want to
where's your age - they all say reach -
down it's a song because right before
this right before this they said all
right everybody let's take a look at
Rage - and then Andrew W K comes out
like they set him up for a
disappointment they set him up for
disappointment
is it never a good idea they look so
hyped
like I said right before this they said
hey let's have a look at Rage 2 and then
and and then Android of your cake comes
out like they they biffed it
110 % that man every time
where's the game I thought we're
supposed to see the game now yeah they
said we were gonna they said we're gonna
watch a rich shoe I'm updating my gaming
blog about what the graphics is in
gameplay is gonna be like and who's this
man look look at him none of them are
into this is that John I guess he's back
because they got rid of Carl back
yeah yeah how how awkward for everyone
all right let's see what we got here gig
one says Jack don't fiddle with things
I'm very very sorry let's see here croc
23a says hey guys did you hear that all
the future DLC for Friday the 13th has
been cancelled I did hear that yeah this
is a huge downer considering how well
the game lends itself to streaming I
never even saw the movies but can't get
enough of you guys playing technically
no technically it's just on hold but it
may very well end up being canceled
there's a legal dispute yes what's the
license yes there is and so they they
would I'm sure they would like to
release the DLC but they legally cannot
write and that won't like you can still
play the game like they didn't get rid
of all of the game ever but there's just
not gonna be any more content updates
which also means that they're not going
to want to you know keep updating their
servers and whatnot you know they can't
make any more money they're basically
done with it they should just release it
for free but but they still have to
support and support the servers right
like that has nothing to do with I don't
think that supporting the servers is
anything to do with the lawsuit no but
if they release it for free no one's
gonna support this you know how are you
gonna pay for them servers they already
have the servers for the people who are
already playing I have to keep and
maintain them
you have to keep and maintain them
doo doo doo where are we mojo Haas is
Jack the way you're talking about that
stranding sounds like you're talking
about fire watch I'm eagerly waiting for
you guys to rip that game apart unless
it's a good game of course there's
always that possibility there is they
you know you you really never know
Kojima has pulled some christum stuff
out of that crazy-ass before he's pulled
some great gameplay out sure not crazy
please switch to dark theme will that be
easier on all y'all's eyes I don't even
know where you do that I don't really
know either hold on for a second ya know
I don't how do you switch to dark theme
how about that you just click the end
real quick oh yeah we're not going away
we're not hey we're not ending okay
we're still here no that's not there how
do we go to the upper right-hand corner
are one of those things dark mode yeah
click on that maybe Oh dark theme where
there it is go down that one no up there
and then click that there we go that
looks great you know what that that
looks a lot better and we didn't mess up
we didn't mess up xsplit and hooray
great that does look significantly
better okay what else do we need to see
what do we need to see what's what's the
games
what's the big games XCOM 3 is still not
a game rich it's still not again I may
just J head check again
Devil May Cry 5 you're just gonna be
googling XCOM 3 every five minutes like
the rest of the week they're going to
announce that I know they're gonna
announce it
we've known each other a long time
you never had this much trouble
it is that Maya Rudolph
this is Shorthair Dante thought nobody
likes Shorthair Dante I don't
necessarily know if I care for his look
he looks like Hayden Christensen and
that in that jumper movie wasn't the
reboot insanely unpopular
oh no and a quirky funny sidekick and
it's fine
I'm okay with that big demon oh look at
that he's got a mouth in his tummy
that's great
with that I don't know okay
I don't know anything about the story of
those games need to do I great you know
the doom Slayer also kills demons but
with 75% was gay I didn't so what you're
saying is you give this 14 out of 15 out
of 15 gay kiss okay kisses rich that's
pretty tough
watch the term eternal trailer I can
wait no they're saying before you do
that look up no cuz you might need it
after this they're saying they're saying
that um look up Gears of War oh I think
I did see that yeah they said there's
like a gear of Gears of War tactical
game wait Gears of War tactical game
that's what they're saying you're not
talking about Gears of War 5 I don't
know this I'm I'm just saying telling
them what they told me is before it lets
a co those Gears of War I'm just getting
Gears of War 5 repeatedly what's the
gears or tactical Gears tactics Gears of
War tactics is what's coming gears
tactics Gears of War tactics
use tactics trailer that looked a lot
like X yeah yeah you're gonna show us
you're gonna show us how not that that's
almost over
that might be all they have oh wait wait
get out of town I think that's all they
have oh there's not much to go on well
it could be neat gears word I don't know
I really don't know you know you put
your gears of war skin on your ex come
to it could be fun I guess you how many
people do you get - chainsaw big Edie
sweet
in any language it's just a sweep
wladim
let them okay we were III was worth it
just to know that they're making another
you know because you didn't mention
anything about her than attended direct
I'm guessing you know there was nothing
about the new no more heroes I know I
don't believe so
okay not that not that I saw
yes from 2017 yeah they did announce a
new Mario
Rabbids Kingdom battle deals oh oh what
I like more levels or more characters or
my rabbits came to battle III 2018
conference presentation we're down there
we did want to the ghost of Tsushima
alright yeah
Oh see by the way the fromsoftware one
looks a little bit more fun oh yeah
the these people also had a live musical
performance yeah but this is the correct
way you do a live musical performance
for you yeah there's gonna be a live
band but you see how you do it right
this is how you do it correctly it's
still very cheesy but it makes way more
sense are they doing music for the
trailer live okay that's exactly what
they're doing they're doing music for
the trailer live so you get the live
band you get the trailer it's great
they're all so friendly don't get cold
this is a branch at least Hatewatch
Resident Evil 2 wouldn't be hate
watching let's just say lack of interest
in the franchise
except for Resident Evil for Resident
Evil 4 was awesome
let's see here Bjorn that Norway has a
question I am very rich could I get on a
best of the worst episode if I paid like
$100,000 not the one to ask send send an
email we're not we're not in charge
about
this is sad it's cute
at least they're showing the game stuff
right instead of like pause for a
musical performance and then we'll show
you the game stuff I just want details
and what's gonna be in this DLC Donkey
Kong it's telling you only DLC how many
new maps any new maps it's gonna be
playable in the main story logo isn't
about new stuff look at all the new
stuff how many hours worth of new
campaign right fine
yeah you're right Boer Oblast not
everything is cringy y'all being a
little to me this this cute cuz remember
like this is also a live presentation so
they're trying to trying to you know
play for a live audience you want to do
something a little fun
do people not like this game richer they
like this game yeah
those are the cute XCOM like yeah
and I was like kind of a kick ass Bowser
fight
it's likely it's good that's later this
month yes yeah the hype machine has not
been working overtime on that one it'll
be fine
you know what it'll be fine and I'll be
fine
gig one wants to know if we got the GOG
key for The Witcher 3 expansion I did
thank you you Guan tired and sad says
what did you guys think of the Halloween
reboot trailer also I watch the extended
TV trailer for the predator honestly I'm
getting nervous but Shane black usually
dessert delivers I haven't seen any
their Halloween reboot trailer the TV
spot for Assad but I don't have
especially strong thoughts yes I'm not
the one around here who loves Halloween
and that was all right I guess wow yeah
I haven't seen it sorry I don't know how
seriously we're supposed to take it 89
year old Michael Myers but you know it's
fine how seriously you're supposed to
take any of the franchise all right
exactly
watch my friend Pedro my friend my
friend Pedro do you know this
yeah actually I'm following the
developer on Twitter it looks like a
neat game looks like an interesting game
I've never been particularly fond of
violence but these are bad people and
people that need to be stopped so let's
get crazy let's get weird let's get well
this kind of crazy yeah yeah it could be
a lot of a lot of fun
nada Arkady dumb fun looks like it
should be a Deadpool game maybe that's
how it started its life but they
couldn't get the right right no no end
no swords think I'm done with this oh
yeah
you know anytime you can kick
dismembered heads into people you got to
be having some fun there I officially
approve boom there you go
2019 probably February because
everything's coming out in February
bullet time the game yeah I mean okay
what else do you need
that's what makes it fun maybe
megusta very megusta yeah oh I don't
know well yeah sure sure look up
transference and and Enz
this is once again I apologize I am
feeling sick today this is a game coming
out of Elijah woods
production company
are you comfortable now this rigs a bit
cumbersome but that's always the way
with these new prototypes huh and all
you have to do is just just be I know
things haven't been so great lately I've
been a lousy father I'm unable naazy
husband to sleep you've seen her run
that's got enough but all that is gonna
change
we're all gonna be together all of our
hard work of our sacrifices that's my
gift to you
dad it's a neat visual
it to me it's screams of like what was
that super shitty one sentence spooky
game that we played once we're just like
the old lady jumped out and scared you
every once in a while oh right like it
reminds me of a it it kind of looks like
a five nights at Freddy's situation to
me with some idea with some neat visuals
oh that's something I want to talk about
we you don't have to watch it I guess
you guys want evil yeah let's watch it
because I want to I want to discuss
something yeah god that day that they
talked about at ooh at the ubisoft press
conference after we watch the trailer of
course
that's what I'm gonna talk about so on a
page there we could use your space Chile
negativo meal or only you can
I still have no idea what this game will
actually entail this is sequel yeah I've
known it I didn't play the original
because I think it's gonna Zelda like is
it I have no idea all I remember about
Beyond Good and Evil is it was on every
list of the best game that you've never
played you've never played it's always
on that list yeah you've never played
this game but it's a masterpiece and
that's the only thing I have a copy at
home
it's a big ship or maybe a creature oh
if if if this were a movie trailer yeah
this is probably the only movie they've
shown at e3 this year I kind of
shouldn't sing mm-hmm I mean yeah I
don't know much about the game yeah but
this weird world with humans and animal
things and right kind of weird skull
thing there
this is totally a movie out and there's
like a ship sailing on the ring a
planet's rings yeah this is weird it
interesting yeah yeah it is
one of these days I'm gonna get around
to playing the first game hopefully I'll
do that before the second one comes out
when's it gonna come out how you gonna
tell me trailer no you're not okay so
here the hit record partnership do you
know what hit record is what so that's a
no hit record is come on rich
hit record is a Joseph gordon-levitt
website or something it's all about like
artistic collaboration people like
upload art and then other people like
remix it and like it's it's like a forum
for art or some bullshit I I know very
little about it but I think that's what
it is right what they've announced for
Beyond Good and Evil 2 is a very heavy
on the coat collaboration with the fans
where fans can submit artwork music
video character designs that will appear
in the game well and it's one it sounds
very much like one of those exploitative
like hey know your art might be featured
in a on good or evil - it feels very
sleazy and and like corporate back
handling submit us your music it could
get featured in our major games right
like I and so while the game does look
very near the visuals look very neat
there's this kind of sleazy overtone
that goes along with it will give you
exposure
it'll be featured in a major video game
that's what it looks like to me
obviously I could be wrong but it it
ticks all of those like love our game
because we're gonna be a platform for
you as an artist and and that never sits
right with me I'm not gonna comment
because I know nothing about it
yeah so somebody in the chat earlier is
really angry with me why I said I know
nothing about the game but Beyond Good
and Evil 2 looks interesting
no I've ever wore a movie I'd be
interested how is that negative gun
people always think I'm negative
I've liked a lot of shit with watch
tonight I've had good things to say yeah
gets gloss over cuz I didn't like Last
of Us and Metroid Prime you've hated on
Metroid Prime so much how was anybody
getting that I know you are I know you
are David II know people says hey Jake
and rich yep you guys should play in
justice too now is the perfect time
because e3 is over any games or news
that floated your boat PS check out the
jump force game trailer alright
I don't know if there was anything that
like specifically like made Maday Oh
during the Nintendo press conference
they mentioned that Dark Souls for the
switch would be out this summer that's
that's it I want to play the Dark Souls
on my switch that's all I care about
only thing in the world you care about
huh is when's the Dark Souls gonna come
out from a switch so I can replay it so
I can play for the first time you know
the entirety of Dark Souls
oh yeah jump horse is an anime mashup
fighting game okay
we're one piece Notaro and Dragon Ball Z
fight each other yes okay what else we
got
I'm not letting them set me up
watch why did the Resident Evil 2
trailer why not why not all right
let's watch that what am i clicking on
here full review
praxis I did have fun playing Skyrim
that's what I played on Sunday while you
were out I delved into the world of
Skyrim and you know what it was decent
alright I was having a little fun
the combat is dumber than a bag of
bricks I'll tell you that yeah it's just
it's just some some thunk-thunk there's
nothing particularly engaging about it
but a house a neat world saw some Giants
I got a like a dragon's ant-man game
I want to see a tiny Resident Evil game
you play it you play as a very tiny
zombie yes yes oh I think I got bit by
something
I was really excited when I thought this
was a ratatouille game this is the dark
gritty reboot of ratatouille
oh they're showing this live I thought
the trailer added in like a laugh track
I think editon canned applause that
would be great right
we need that gameplay trailers well cuz
what how am I supposed to know when I
should be excited you know I was I was I
was just watching he's speaking of that
I'm gonna go off on a little an on game
tangent for a bit I was listening to the
most wonderful program on NPR the other
the other day about the nanny the show
the nanny yeah and apparently that show
was one of the first to literally hire
an audience Oh apparently there were
there were some things where where some
of the actors were afraid of strangers
coming in yeah just some issues and so
what they did instead of having
strangers come in to be there laugh
track
they hired extras and just told them
when to laugh I mean they usually tell
people when to laugh anyway right
exactly and so they just paid them this
just sounds like a waste well no it's
just a good idea cuz then then you get
people who are willing to take direction
oh no idea laugh a little bit more left
a little bit more it was just a very
interesting segment on the first on the
start of the paid laughing at that point
you may as well just have canned but
then it's the same laugh over and over
again you're still paid and right
alright here you can get a little more
organic sound alright I could see that
anyway but that's that's my little
tangent canned laughter now we need that
I just thought oh it's just a really
interesting story oh yeah yeah paid
actors and
Kendall I did not know that about the
man I don't even know that wasn't
practice no did you see one it was for a
while and then and then you know with
the rise of reality television that kind
of went away but do not hesitate
whatever it takes to save this city
surprised you made it this far they did
for my extraction
just that Leon guy from four I don't I
don't know the resident evening is this
Chris Chris Hatfield does that
aggressive an evil guy of course
displays drinks rich is correct
this is Leon okay
it's coming it's coming back
all right
okay okay it's probably a lot more
interesting if I didn't like fake
reactions that would be more exciting
we've we've told people so many times
that we don't necessarily care about
these things
honesty sucks I don't know if I could
keep that up for four hours you're an
enemy thing the trivia legit okay oh my
god I think that's the ship from the
anime what anime oh my god I think
that's the ship from the anime are you
gonna pretend you've done I'm just gonna
watch this and I'm not gonna know what
any of this shit is I saw a ship rich I
assume it's from the end of the hand oh
my god it's that guy from the anime
that's Goku No
so that's Bulma
bull bazaar
that's bull that's bull sorry yeah so
that's the power ranger villain right
said that was Rita Repulsa it's Miss
Marvel gun
Wow Kamala me the fuck is that it's an
anime thing that a Pokemon yeah cuz
pokemons an anime that's what I'm saying
so it's in the anime Fighter cross he's
fighting a Pokemon
she um force
great night I turned my head and I
missed the reveal of that character I
don't know who that character is now
thank you now we need to watch the video
explaining all the Easter eggs in the
jump for scrap like what this character
actually only appears in the background
of the original 87 Dragon Ball Z is
gonna be a main fire it's gonna be
intense it's gonna be intense
like comment subscribe rich is gonna lie
and say you hate it no we're just gonna
sit and give a shit I don't know any of
these fucking characters art it means
nothing to me there you go I know Goku I
know that one was Goku for sure right
and the other one was from the
Nickelodeon yep he has the hair he has
the that's the Goku that's the only way
you could tell animate characters apart
by their hair well no the one guy had
the headband and he's from Notre oh I
don't know shit about that he's it was a
Nickelodeon cartoon for okay I think and
then the other guy they're stretchy guy
and I think and I don't know if I've
seen that picture I don't know what the
fuck he is or who he is or what he does
or what he wants
I build what he's called he's a
character what gender they are from an
anime called one piece I believe I don't
know and I'm sure a chat is about to say
I have literally never heard of that I
have not read or watched a single one
I've seen the name with that character
with the Hat that's all I know so that's
all I got
they're saying to watch something called
control

[Part III]
and they're saying to watch something
called control I'll the devolver do
another weird thing this year oh yeah oh
yeah they did play air whilst I control
first okay then you just want to watch
the developer conference because I'm
okay with that I haven't seen it
actually you orbit I'm correct that is
one piece well shit well shit I knew a
thing one piece and no drove that gun
doing something weird or said like a
severe dangle or it's guilting it looks
like it's like pulsating
the gun definitely is pulsating
everything's kind of pulsating
it's suitably weird looks like you got
some yeah cool mine D powers that's neat
everyone likes mine D powers that could
be fun
how much is combat and how much is
atmosphere that's always you know that
don't you know I mean III I mean it's
not right
III is not very useful for judging how
good a game is going to be that's true
either way oh yeah they look fine
that look neat neat and interesting
it's a weird take and I get smart gaming
was control the name of the organization
from Get Smart
yeah they were controlling chaos there
we go see I know who that is but I don't
know what the fuck one piece is but I'll
tell you what Get Smart is let me tell
you all I know about Goku he's got hair
he was a monkey at one point then he got
hair he trains really hard and his hair
changes color that's what I got first he
fought Bulma and then a purple guy
showed up it was crazy
just turn it up a little bit for you
guys can turn it up in the YouTube it
all can't hear nothing about that
this year we have overly flashy graphics
to distract you from mundane dialogue
guest appearances from personalities
that you can recognize on the Internet
and whose parents will serve to light up
a predictable a nostalgia response and
it is 2018 and that is how marketing is
done now but we also have this little
guy making like he's playing a new game
on the screen despite it clearly being a
priest yes they returned the cutaway of
the audience who's clearly not there yes
you you stinking bug fuck shit minions
seem to think that we didn't provide
enough new games reveals first looks or
whatever else you think might have made
your dumb little life a little less
pointless and that one moment on the
internet that one time and that that hit
us right in the fields
so this year we are bringing you she's
perfect she's great she's perfect she's
so great that is the most true the
truest thing ever spoke enemy through
viewers will enjoy the contestants most
intimate moments new weapons and dear
elevate the action but it's the
trademark paranoia that drives the
savagery to new heights
making scum a thrill for the entire
family
yeah not tech one security is on site to
keep contestants in line oh my and of
course fan favorite mr. smiles is back
again full rule enforcement scum welcome
to the next era and Super Max survival
all contestant corpses will be reused in
scum for government regulations
yeah yeah might be a battle royale thing
a battle royale will players who die can
come back as zombies and hunt other
players that would be fun then you have
something to do after you got killed
they still can't fucking hear they say
it's fine no everyone said it was fine
everybody this deeply insulting
monetization model it seems we have seen
crypto currencies roll in and jack punch
the global socio-economic landscape
right in the sweetness creating an
entirely new culture of massively
unqualified financial experts with
absolutely no idea what the shit they
are talking about if there is one thing
that devolver digital that we love it is
talking confidently about important
issues we are completely ignorant about
and then really should know better
ladies and gentlemen I am thrilled to
introduce you to our newest products
loot
box
cryptocurrency that is so fucking secure
not even the owners know it's actual
value governmental international
personal or institutional liability loot
box coin aims to become the global
standard in meaningless wealth
acquisition and questionable financial
stability loot box coin cannot be mined
cannot be opened cannot be blocked
chains cannot be wallet head or crypto
verified it can only be bucked through
devolver digital with real actual money
you have our hastily trained economists
will create and send you an actual
physical loot box coin just like the one
I'm holding right here in my
motherfucking hand what is it worth I
don't know what can you buy with it
probably nothing
I hope that is a physical item that you
can buy whose price actually changes
every yes it's an acronym acronyms
pronunciation is determined by the
creator of the set acronym like a proper
name in this case the creator of the
graphics interchange format Steve
Wilhite says it's Jess choosy developers
choose gifs I've never been particularly
fond of violence but these are bad
people but people that need to be
stopped please turn up this is get crazy
I we get here so here's the problem of
Rowen we've gotten like 20 people saying
that the audio is fine and then like 1
or 2 saying it's not bother but that
one's own what what the heck I got so
many people saying I'm fine how do we
sound see what it sounds like
sounds fucking loud in my headphones all
right I just cranked the audio I just
cranked the audio I just cranked it all
right I cranked that audio it should be
more now let's be freaked yeah they put
effort into this you should probably go
watch it on digital developers YouTube
page
yeah don't watch it through us we're
just enjoying it for the first time you
turn no I didn't turn us up I turned the
other thing up
the cranking had no effect on the volume
well then then I then it's all fun then
it's just all fun and I'm gonna mess
with it and it's gonna mess up the
stream again right if I go into the
things and mess with it too much
right
you're gonna leave it because if I've
messed with it too much it's gonna fuck
the stream again maybe somebody is just
fucking with it it could be if you put
it on the head for the headphones on it
sounds fine to dust and of course
they're back catalogues to construct
versions of their legacy Hardware
overflowing with classic games of
yesteryear asking you to pay a
ridiculous premium for games that you
owned 20 years ago and will be utterly
disappointed by playing again today
somehow you all are buying these things
up thank you I also agree and the nice
Taco Bell but the sketchy one that sells
fried chicken and pizza and always
smells faintly of a mop bucket filled
with purple drink and puke you love
these little nostalgic cash crabs and we
have no fucking idea why but pass up on
this unique opportunity to separate you
I love her she's great
like you meet the devolver digital
entertainment system classic
this adorable box of plastic in
nostalgia comes pre-loaded with 25 of
your favorite classic devolver games
Geoffrey Yes Mother
drop that super legit live demo game
controller and come on up here show
these people the magic that is the
devolver digital entertainment system
classic I think you said yes an SF PG a
processor by Swedish manufacturer look
at a B this is not a sega dreamcast
putting out there this is a metal wolf
chaos disk that was only released on the
Xbox it's not even a devolver game it's
Japanese and not real also so Margaret
I like stock footage I am taking you on
a journey to 2004 our good friends at
from software released a game that
unbeknownst to them would lay the very
foundation for the modern American
political landscape this this game
this motherfucking legendary piece of
cold-rolled amazing was forged in the
most sacred elements of video game
development mechs explosions and overly
dramatic voice acting ladies gentlemen
holy fuck theme
may I present to you from software's
2004 master classes democratic met
warfare
what is this welcome to the White House
metal wolf chaos all right I get me down
with this
make America great again
that's the website yeah you did it you
did it
this year though to make America great
again dot-com
what
blaster
don't kill her
I'm not necessarily worried about the
cop oh yeah of the devolver digital take
a look yes I did you in Chapter shop
yeah
it is my great pleasure to introduce to
you
that's great I want to see next year
I was just fine right there I wonder I
don't want to miss this dream too much
you know what I was doing rich yeah with
all the talk about the volume yeah I was
turning up the volume here on our system
volume yeah but now this is coming
through the capture card I probably
needed to turn up a different volume I
probably actually wasn't turning it up
at all okay we have a new streaming
setup and so we're still learning people
we are still learning I blame you
you absolutely should they action oh and
shark spear says they are actually
selling loot box going for prices that
actually change every hour what if I won
let's get one okay what are you charging
let's see what are they right now wait
it's evolved or digital loot should I go
to their website I go they'll you know
I'll buy it over here loot box coin dot
corn where we go Luke box clean back
corn are we going to if you go to loot
box coin calm it takes you here last it
was for $100 but it's a lot of stock
what there's $100 out of stock yep the
officially unofficial loot box going
from devolver digital yep but it is
currently out of stock do you want to
sign up for it's available email
notification sure okay hundred bucks
I want to get to the actual ooh what
does he loot box coin dot-com all right
I signed I signed us up for when it
becomes available to email us okay so
now there's a there's a click down menu
next to Add to Cart please note that
this coin is 2.5 inches in diameter it
has no actual value and by no means to
be considered cryptocurrency or a
currency of any kind you can't buy
anything with it
in fact it's insane for you to really
buy it unless you want to prove your
loyalty to fork Parker
Nina Struthers and the devolver digital
Executive Board so like click on the on
that one say the last price the white
drop down menu my director min yeah
hundred dollars out of stock but some
people did it they saw it go as low as
$75 some people saw it up at 250 that's
crazy
that is what am insane experiment yes
how many do you think they made not many
like a hundred maybe maybe 100 maybe
like I would put about there maybe
someone will buy right souls out sold
out that's great was about how cheaply
they could make them I mean the problem
is 3d printed like right when you Brian
get them pretty cheap right based on
that video charge a hundred two hundred
oh and you know for them they're just
like if no one buys it it's a funny joke
but if someone buys it we make a lot oh
all right let's see here Pro Austin sees
eight thirty dollars in a video card one
hundred dollars in a plastic chip I
don't know that I would have bought for
a hundred I wouldn't a bid for that you
know what it is people priorities rich
and I have our priorities straight
you're welcome
I was assuming they would fluctuate
between reasonable prices for a plastic
coin nope but what they have done is
somehow funnier the people are asking us
to watch the Skull and Bones trailer
skull and bones trailer and we have a
tip here from pro Austin see who says
there are 170 ish episodes of half in
the bag
66 ish best of the worst and 20-ish
linkit reviews how many of each do you
think you guys have fully watched and
rich there are about 40 prereqs have you
watched them all fully I think I have
I'm pretty sure I've watched all the
prereqs I know probably missed half in
the bags here and there I've seen all
the best things I probably know most all
all of the stuff yeah I mean obviously
because I had it on my watch all the
proof yes
yeah I've seen I'm gonna say I've seen
90% of the best of the worst there's
probably a few I've missed here and
there just because if I weren't on best
of the worst I would be a fan yeah yeah
no I'm you know some of the like you
know the episodes that I don't watch our
ones that I haven't been on and then
like I say oh I'll watch that later and
then you know yeah you know how the
internet works I've maybe only seen 10%
of the half of the bags I probably see
more than that
considerably more but yeah I don't watch
half in the bag too often oh it's fine
but you know what I do what I do watch
them but like it's it's tough for me
because one I usually talk to Mike and
Jay about movies right and so like I
don't wanna then you know how they feel
example the movie you care about right
and so like for me a half in the bag is
a very specific niche where it's like it
has to be a movie I've seen and I
haven't talked to Michael jr. behind it
uh-oh I'll see what they feel about it
like so that's why I watched so little
of them it's all fine yeah
Jesus Christ
this is Skull and Bones skull and bones
turn it down on a TV you can turn it up
in the view to bidet
David II know people yes we watch the
cyberpunk trailer like didn't want to
see some gameplay which is the case with
a lot of e3 stuff we liked it
want to see some gameplay oh yeah
cyberpunk absolutely they they have a
lot of fan good wood because of because
of Witcher 3 so
there was only one
life and blood war came out I wasn't
that familiar with them softly I was
that player I wasn't that familiar with
the souls games yeah I knew they made
them but I wasn't that familiar with
them and I saw the the first e3 bit for
blood-borne like what am I supposed to
get out of this oh yeah I didn't know
what the fuck to make out of it wasn't
it like just like a close-up of his
weapon like it was nothing yeah I think
was like a lot of that intro video
that's already in the game doc you know
this werewolf thing I did I couldn't
figure anything about the actual game
based on that and I think we watched
that lives we watch that line but it
would just talk about it on a prereq and
it was like my reaction was like I don't
know what to make out of it yeah yeah
that could be and then you know the game
comes out I actually play it a lot my
favorite things and then a number of
years yeah so I find III pretty useless
unless it's like a sequel to something
you're familiar with like if they
announced an ex-con three without any
kind of gameplay I could get hype but I
kind of know what to expect out of
ex-con right same would do yeah oh yeah
like I know what to expect out of the
new doom
this I don't know what to expect out of
this is a pirate stuff you guys you guys
the Pirates the Pirates that they do go
pretty in-depth with the gameplay
dentists yeah and for the piracy is dead
you have to get past all of him talking
from your shipyard be choose the black
porn for the economy back
the strong winds will boost its speed P
Pizza Tran here says maybe people
wouldn't ask you to turn up the game
audio if you didn't talk for half the
games I know that sounds snarky but I
think it's 80% of why people ask you to
turn the game levels up it's tough
because we don't have a dynamic volume
for the game and so like we want to we
want to talk and sometimes we want to
listen you know and so we have no way to
dynamically or or you know on-the-fly
change the volume which would be nice
possibly get some kind of button that
turns it down or up but then we'd never
remember to lose it and that would be it
that would be its own problem right and
so it's better just to default to that
down we're sorry simply say you guys all
of these trailers are online we're
showing you how we look them up on
YouTube so if for the convoy slips away
how's this the multiplayer one everybody
works together on the pirate ship yes is
it attitude in the pirate arsenal
disguised as a Portuguese merchants you
tried to creep past the Ford Justice
already out no this is the right there's
a different everybody pretends to be on
a pirate ship game yes this is the new
everyone pretends to be a pirate game
did the other one just come out yes but
a kind of wand provides the perfect
cover for a surprise attack let's see of
bees I think yeah yeah let's see if
thieves and that's like the massively
multiplayer online and you Joe victim a
pirate game I think this is a smaller
online pirate game
I bet they started shitting their pants
when see if thieves didn't go over that
well if it didn't go over that well I
believe it didn't go over well I also
think there was a decided lack of
content on the phone yeah and so that's
why I didn't go over well there was just
nothing to do anything a bridge
commander
I heard that had a shocking new lack of
content I might be thinking of a lot of
things no word on the street is that see
if thieves had not a lot to do don't
just just on a lark we could do that or
this when this comes out on screen co-op
sure we see if thieves
yeah scream I think we talked about I
wants it twice
yeah people are people are confirming my
suspicions that there wasn't any content
so people get bored
even worse you could lose your loot
you need help you need it fast
by the captain's advantage Erick or
before against warriors this is V online
to play in ensuring yeah people other
ships can come and help you out in your
battle so it's not as
the enemy strikes first rabid co wolf
says sea of thieves is very fun for the
exact length of one stream oh hey
well there you go oh we can do that or
waiting for this I don't give a shit
we can do it well we'll have to think of
a whole new way to stream to computers
but I'm sure we can do it how do we do
it last time okay well we had one
playing in computer in one plane so what
we did what you know what we'd have to
do run one through the internal CAPTCHAs
card and run the other alga external
capture card yeah yeah that's doable
maybe it'll take some sink yeah every
now and then we do co-op something yeah
we should figure out how to get done
with the setup it should I mean
theoretically it's theoretically rich
it'll work but then again theoretically
this should work and I already fucked up
this thing so you learning Jack you're
learning you learning new things all the
time we're doing it technology changes
so fast it's crazy like I remember
before our GPU usage was that like 98%
and now we're down to like 67 so as long
as I don't touch anything in here it's
fine it's fine just really like so by
the way check I'm sorry I'm aboard with
the Pirates
gently he's one tell me chat
have you noticed have you noticed any
choppy us or any choppy videos playing
the scream this is an important thing
you guys have an Xbox one you can also
use that know the Xbox one is useless if
you have a decent gaming PC so I do not
have one yeah
no choppy no no no choppy seems good
great think the Xbox one is largely
useless even if you don't have a decent
gaming PC it's lacking a lot it's
lacking any exclusives right well the
usual suspects halo this is now this is
if you don't have a gaming PC which I
don't know if they're still doing that
everything available on the one is
available on PC right through the awful
Windows Store I don't know if they're
still doing that mm-hmm but if we if we
discount the gaming PC sure your Xbox
one had up underwhelming gears for yep
with that same Gears gameplay with the
blandest cast of characters imaginable
the least interesting cast ever guy hit
ever remember that that's kind of kind
of stereotypical but but dhanji atom
dodgy Oh made him fun Marcus Fenix I'm
over the top he's just a generic Nathan
Drake ripoff now yeah that's protagonist
don't forget it you don't forget girl
and friend they're not girlfriend just
girl and friend
separate was a friend oh I remember
gears 4 has the worst cast of characters
the absolute worst and then there's your
halos your halos of course of course
they're asking us to watch oh I saw
rapture rejects a rapture rapture
rejects
that a cyanide and Happiness game yep
looks like it dear God
everyday I strive to be closer to your
life
little help thanks Brock
is this a battle royale it's cute
the trailers fun oh yeah it's really fun
but it's a battle royale twin stick
shooter battle royale yeah it's fine
yeah yeah I'll give it that
I'll give it fine what else forgot
that's presence is pretty much
everything right I know I know this has
been a terrible stream because he's been
honest reactions which are largely on
the fence or unsure as well but I know
that's a you know honest reaction suck
our our honest reactions don't get those
clicks rich we got it we gotta up our
YouTube personality in order to get them
weight everything or love/hate half of
the things and love the other half bared
tone says you should search for parkour
Jurassic world this is not a video game
preview but it's a bit of branded
material like Jack was talking about the
other day no we're not just gonna
devolve into just watching you - yeah no
that would that would be weird but I
will look that up - you blow up dinosaur
costumes are involved and it's sure to
be fun - some gay kisses to be had great
thanks Bart Tom do you have any interest
in the gears 5 I don't that's a trailer
or just reel or whatever the fuck it is
god no all right care oh did you see any
of the shadow the Tomb Raider stuff no I
didn't see anybody here we go watch dad
I don't know what it is it's gonna look
like a Tomb Raider game Yelp isn't that
movie coming out soon I don't know right
about then they already reboot to reader
what do you mean is there another reboot
of tomato movie is the Angelina Jolie
one yeah this is a new one based off of
the pop and that was already a new one
is there now a new new one no I'm
talking about the one based off of the
new game also a sequel faced off with a
rebooted Tomb Raider movie no it's a
rebooted 2 meter movie based off of the
rebooted Tomb Raider game so it's the
third reboot of Tomb Raider wasn't there
already a rebooted Tomb Raider movie no
there was there was just the anjali
woman and the new well there was two
Angelina wants the Angelina ones I
thought there was a reboot already well
they're not one repo yeah but that's
based off okay that's based on okay yeah
okay
my head hurts it should it's all
terrible
that was nice fake gameplay did you have
to press any buttons you think no that's
a shitty way to die alone in a cave
underwater yeah you can see the surface
but you can't reach it sucks to be you
oh my god really its gameplay that's
game player hit there that'd be an
embarrassing one of their work a failed
state
hey struggle water forever yeah do you
think that gameplay was a commentary on
on her on her old character model and
her old enormous breasts sighs that old
character model wouldn't been able to
survive that is there anything wrong
with Lara Croft having huge knockers
absolutely not
I mean I mean absolutely not are they
trying to say that women with huge
knockers can't can't be action heroes
HEC action heroines that's exactly what
they're saying they're being
disrespectful they are they are let's
face it that's whatever that's whatever
character trait she's got a huge
knockers i i've huge pointy knockers i
think more so they they just looked at
like kind of the average knocker sighs
maybe we should tone it down a little
bit let's play the average game here we
won't we won't slip that knocker slider
all the way to 10 oh there there are
porn stars that dwarfed old school Laura
Croft oh of course
hers weren't the biggest listen but once
he averaged something with 0 it gets
have the medium
oh and you know what actually flip my
pizza train brings up some good point if
you are a professional adventurer with
huge knockers you're gonna have some
serious lower back issues sure like that
you don't see a lot of athletes with
huge no look girls with huge knockers
need role models - yeah I mean you're
absolutely right I'm just saying you
don't necessarily see them an athlete in
athletics the huge knockers they don't
have enough positive role models well
it's how do you think you don't see
enough woman with huge knockers in
athletics jack i I think I think as far
as being a progressive is concerned this
year you know we're concentrating on gay
kisses yeah 2019 you know we're all
about empowering ladies with huge
knockers
step1 gay kisses step2 huge knockers can
you be with me in a no okay kisses is
nothing new last of us already had the
gay dlc it did it had an entire gay dlc
so where's the last of us he would not
reveal future Jack for progressive
politics is huge knockers laura croft
huge knocker dlc is coming this fall you
heard it here first it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great yeah and by the way
like to all you super liberal
progressives you're welcome
rich and I are here to empower everyone
ah let's see here Michael Cain says good
morning gents you've spoken about your
demographics before in passing usually
about how young your audience is what
are you wrong about that
what are your demos like does it really
skew young or is that just a joke I
think that's just what's a joke and
we're just a presumption that I don't
really know how true that is
um honestly you know there are our demo
probably skews older and there's not a
ton of information YouTube analytics can
give but hey look I'm opening up the
YouTube analytics app right now every
now and then I'll hear somebody say I
grew up watching you guys and you hear
that it's like hey whoa whoa boy okay so
so the way YouTube's analytics works is
at least on the phone here I can
tabulate for the last oh here we go
a lifetime okay so here's a lifetime
YouTube analytics rich yeah a gender
male by how big a percentage how much of
our audience according to YouTube ad
analytics is male based on my own
personal recognized and public
experience right nineteen ninety-six
percent male and of course you know if
you're using multiple accounts if you if
you don't put that information in your
Google account these are just the
analytics that Google gives us
ninety-six percent male is recognized by
one sweet woman who worked in a
bookstore and a whole bunch of dorky men
yep yep
I've been recognized by a few ladies but
yes it is mostly men okay age I used to
think it was younger I'm I'm thinking
it's closer to your age mid mid 30s
excellent yes excellent yes our largest
demographic in age who people who have a
55% share of our demographic yeah are
between the ages of 25 and 34 how do you
get these stats YouTube analytics
you just YouTube analytics okay like so
on our YouTube page you know we get all
sorts yeah yeah Rando stats so
next-biggest actually i'm dorky too we
don't get up second some call all my
fans dork you're all dorks together you
know we're here watch it well we're I
can't claim to be cool I'm rich Evans
all of us are dorks our next biggest
demographic at twenty percent is 35
you're watching a 40 year old man watch
III videos and go meh yeah we know who
you are and more importantly we know who
we are
absolutely the hopes that that
occasionally I'll make a knockers joke
that was a good little bit favorite our
gay kiss knockers bit that was great
okay so the next two biggest
demographics are at both at 20 percent
to 35 to 44 and 18 to 24 yeah so you
know around that a kind of around the
big the big drop
next at 4% 45 to 54 so yeah you know top
countries the United States of course
with United Kingdom trailing not too far
behind but like yeah it gets it gets
really it gets really in-depth like you
know what's the percentage of US fans to
UK fans it seems like a lot of our fans
from the UK I have no idea what the
numbers out so we're at we're at only
56% United States I'm not shocked by
that more so that means you know about
half is from what we got here United
Kingdom Canada Germany Australia Sweden
Finland yeah
and out of them the the neat thing with
YouTube analytics and this is something
that you know I can get III delve into
every once in a while and if if rich and
I were really just keep targeting oh
sure where is division - I'm just gonna
have it on great for like just
posterity's sake if if rich and I were
were playing the game right which were
not by the way if we were if we were
chasing the algorithm as they call it
you know like oh you know we make a new
video every week and we're always
talking about the hot subject and we're
we're doing the game if we were reacting
the way we're supposed to be reacting
all right and playing the youth if we
were being enthusiastic or weird
derisive on everything we see yes well
more importantly doing this as it's
happening right like I would pay way
more attention to these other analytics
which I do delve into sometimes which is
like traffic sources where do art where
does our audience come from does it come
from our channel page or does it come
from suggested videos most of you come
from suggested videos or look at
external sources where they come from
like there's another website direct
people to our content then do we partner
up with those people how do you know how
do we how do we play the algorithm game
so it's that's that's kind of the
business side of things that we try not
to get too into because that's a that's
a death spiral yeah that's that's a
that's a game that you cannot win Jack
are you super interested in the division
- you have to remind me what the
division is
there's a John Clancy third-person
shooter where I know the virus or
something there was a virus oh no I
don't care
was it good hey yeah and look generic
great that's a dead deer
right somebody spent months making that
deer in a 3d program and making the
textures for a dead rotting deer that
the camera Sid the pan pass it in the
trailer and nobody's gonna notice out
the game how many like how many meetings
were had about the lighting on the dead
deer alone how many group meetings
Jagger games were expensive to produce
they are very expensive to produce more
largest industries right now one of the
largest entertainment yeah this video
games wow this is so much better since I
stopped doing this shit but what's on TV
isn't it crazy like I'm going to hey
remember how I started this true Ricky
you should really watch lost in space
and no I should you tell me it's great
it's Fanta we heard from some friends of
ours who have kids and they started
watching it with their kids so with a
guy yeah well pop that out one night I
am super riveted it's crazy good I mean
it's a little schmaltzy uh-huh you know
cuz obviously it's the Robinson family
on MySpace what is decent man I should
start start watching them and you know
what I should start watching the expanse
you really should
cuz now that Jeff Bezos is a fan and a
billionaire yeah I can be relatively
certain that the show will be completed
you have some insurance insurance that
this show will see an ending yes yeah I
love the expanse so whilst in space its
loss of space isn't like top tier
amazing what I'm saying is I was coming
at it from an expectation of this is a
dark and gritty reboot of of a cheesy
60s TV show I was coming at it from an
expectation of this is gonna be awful
uh-huh and it's good it's legit good and
parker posey do you know the actress
parker posey uh I mean which is in I
know that name goddammit she's in a
bunch of Christopher Guest
movies like do you member like waiting
for Guffman and out like those improv
movies okay she she's an actress anyway
she is hundred percent killing it
acting-wise yeah she's she's amazing
from Blade 3 of course she's been in
stuff but in any case I've been really
enjoying it I'm a few episodes in would
really love to see a fucking boss fight
that's part of a game anyway come on
Oh more game but oh I'm just saying a
boss fight specifically yeah I'm a few
episodes behind on Legion season two so
I have not seen the finale yet I'm
looking forward to it though I'm not
caught up on anything did we do Secours
was that B that was a from software
Samurai one yeah yeah it's good yeah
it's funny
looks real mean I had a positive
reaction maybe a little more action e
than a Dark Souls game
oh this so should have been Gears 5 just
Funko yeah heads
Funko pop figures are just the ugliest
fucking things I think honestly I don't
get it I don't get it why did they
become popular honestly there's a
grossest they got those creepy jaws eyes
Aintree watch jaws okay that's fair they
randomly ended up watching a documentary
on the making of jaws and how it almost
broke a young Spielberg well yeah was
that that was his first movie yeah
what's his first movie it's definitely
his breakout hit oh shit the duel before
it oh that's um there's gonna be a
made-for-tv movie but they thought it
was good enough a little bit more money
in it we'll put it in the theaters just
this schmuck and truck driver with road
rage oh okay cool where he kind of
pisses off the truck driver we never
seen the truck driver this is really
it's a creepy ass semi okay and he
spends the movie fucking with and
possibly trying to kill this weasel
Everly Weasley but like not not a tough
guy is this man in this tiny little
compact car but yeah those Funko stuff
you know what I you know what I heard in
that trailer that reminds me of a story
I want to tell I heard the wilhelmus man
oh yeah in that little Funko pop trailer
but my children have finally noticed the
Wilhelm scream I keep using that was the
exact conversation and I was like Oh
guys that's important you're gonna hear
that in every movie and they're like
what are you talking about
we haven't heard that in every movie and
so I found like someone made a youtube
compilation of every single Wilhelm
scream like it III
20:18 every single
the satisfactory trailer so yeah we
watched something like this and where
they see it and they're just like wait
I've heard that in this movie in this
movie and now like so like this is their
first foray into like like the movie
thing and it sounds like Nick watch they
sent me watch any movie we probably
shouldn't tell other people's cobbling
know as funny as that would be I love
them they would probably like to get
hits on their own video yeah agreed
rich we're and we're not necessarily
commenting I'm gonna rethink that one
excellent choice douchey excellent
choice rich they say we should watch the
satisfactory trailer also there's a
wolfenstein three thing I think we're
running out of things to be interested
in
oh god yeah I'm not feeling good I
didn't want AAB I kind of wanted to end
this one early anyway okay we can end it
well I'm feeling let's go satisfactory
okay great let's see here chameleon
storm says hey you guys your favorite
German brothers are tipping for the
first time I'm actually very proud of my
brother because he lives in Warsaw
Poland and works on cyberpunk 2077 day
he designed weapons and characters for
the game keep up the good work cool
oh yeah I saw this know this sneaker
rich Evans in there do it sneak one in
give the main character a prereq patch
on their jack that's too much that's too
much just something in the background
all right that says previously all right
that's all we can ask for nothing
attached to the main character come on
we're not that big Joe we're not pude
Empire I'm joking because this isn't
going to happen and it sounds like
they're already done oh yeah so it's
factory building okay okay
satisfactory I get it
tired and sad I wants to know if YouTube
analytics shows the percentage of
neckbeards in our demo all right we have
what's the percentage of males 96%
percentage of neckbeards is 98 percent
ladies we see you you gotta you gotta
take care of that also guys you've got
to take care of that just trim it up
trim it up David you know people says
hey nerds when is nerd crew coin coming
out anyways watch fallout 76 unravel to
captain spirit and panty party to
trailer and seriously when is that
interest is to stream coming so I can
call in sick
Thanks well now that the new streaming
PC is all set up maybe that'll be
Sunday's stream and justice - don't make
promises I said may always goes wrong
I said maybe every fucking time every
motherfucking time yeah I feel like we
got this computer thing worked out and
so I'm gonna go with maybe and what else
but else we have
we got nothin Wow we're done sure okay
so we'll go like that okay and then we
can go to go to the name reading we can
be done there I don't know like I wasn't
super it like even even the Smash
Brothers trailer and unit like you know
I'm a big smash bros person but it's
like I already knew smash was coming out
I'm kind of excited that it's it's a
dual sided coin for me with with the
smash announcement that all the old
characters were coming back because I
like a lot of those characters but also
there's very few new characters and that
sometimes that's the fun it's like ooh
who we gonna get for this new one and
you know what kind of weirdo moves are
they gonna have right so it's a dual
sided coin but texts seem smaller than
normal or is that just me
ah seems smaller than normal
yes I know you guys want us to watch the
followed 76 trailer but also we don't
care about fallout I don't know anything
about the Fallout universe and you're
gonna get this doesn't mean I'm going to
hate it right this means you're going to
get uh I don't really understand what
I'm looking at or why it's significant
so I'm gonna be fairly deadpan watching
it and you're not gonna get what you
want out of my reaction it's true the
big announcement was it's always online
oh then I don't even give a shit it's
always online and some of the people who
you meet up with in-game will be other
real-life people I don't and you might
have like a war with them that sounds
awful so that sounds awful that was the
big announcement
maybe I'm trying to make the font size
bigger that's not working it's not
working I'm sorry
my old my old man eyes are gonna have
trouble reading this isn't there a
magnifier looking Cortana and see if
there's a magnifier yeah oh my God look
at you I'm so old I'm using the
magnifier to read text on a screen this
is it this is oh man and you did it you
did it rich this is the part of the
stream in which you thank all of you
lovely people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like dear
Tesla for 14 months in a row that dear
Tesla or dear tests la that's possible
because Tesla only has one s I always
pronounce the name Tesla not Tesla ok is
it Tesla or Tesla I oh I know it's
pronounced with an ass Tesla Tesla you
know what it's fine great Lucca Jones
says specs you fucks specs you fucks the
man of reason skip it Braun for 13
months in a row Kentucky Fried creature
awful waffle 1984 purple space bazooka
for 40 motherfucking months in a row who
says hey guys glad we all survived the
boring train of III maybe I'm getting
older but nothing at e3 seemed to excite
me anyway hope you feel better soon rich
take care of you wonderful hack runs I
do feel the same way like I don't even
doom it's like oh good they're making a
new doom I'll play one comes out I'm
excited about doing I'm excited about
I can't get excited but I'm not them
except for the magnifier so I can read
me word I know I know you know a lot of
works fuck it just just I just gotta
accept it
WMDs says feel better rich thank you
make children cry hey make children cry
did a really great thing in separating
the words yes every other word was all
caps so it was really easy to read the
separate words in doe 86 collie brooder
bill what heck up 448 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row
should we should we do the thing oh yeah
Hey look what we got working says hey
guys glad we all survived the roaring
train though you're on bill Lakha I'm
amber lager you are you know how to use
the computer sorry says oh my god
I've sub to this shit for four years two
hundred and thirty nine dollars and
fifty two cents well spent on you hack
frauds and this episode is an e3 recap
that's like your favorite sitcom doing a
clip that's seriously congratulations
guys Oh terrible stream we should never
do this again
I'm absolutely cuz the honest reaction
yeah for most of it really is
oh it's more okay
okay and it's just us reacting and it's
just honest reactions that aren't
exaggerated horseshit yeah it's just
gonna be bad I'm with you I think we got
like two good bits out of it but that's
not worth this is a whole stream I agree
that's what I'm saying yeah
yeah I'm okay never doing it again great
great uh where were we we're on mr.
oppression awful waffle 1984 death John
for 19 months in a row baba yaga Laila
for 30 fucking months in a row says so
many games look forward to I'm jazzed
you know you know there's a children's
book out yeah called Baba Yaga's
assistant yeah and it's about it's about
a kid who goes out in the woods and
helps the witch Baba Yaga in her house
with the chicken wings and like helps
the witch do which ethan's and learns a
lesson and it's like a kids book baba
Yaga is big now baby
baba Yaga is making a legit comeback and
I'm saying I saw a kids book at the
library and I'm super psyched about that
like a kid reading about Baba Yaga what
that's crazy
we're living in a magic time for Baba
Yaga I mean everybody yeah Baba Yaga
Baba Yaga children's books exist that's
a magic time whoo cannon the intruder
space aliens super cocaine for 25
fucking months in a row says goddamn I
hate III hey it's worth it for devolver
digital just that one lady is so
perfectly cast like does she work for
devolver or do they just hire the same
if she does she's a goddamn natural at
that fake corporate jackass right hacked
or do they just like know this one
actress and but like you don't see her
in anything else yeah it's like where do
you find her incandescent cactus says
what do you guys think about cyberpunk
2077 looks good looks fun looks neat I'd
like to see some game game fun girl I
guess like said what like CD Projekt RED
said that said it oh jesus fuck whatever
I like CD Projekt RED perfect like a
mama used to make
they run the GOG zoo they do they do
they do good work gents
Roboto who says been loving the D&D; talk
Jack I run a small community of super
nerds who like helping newbies and can
answer questions about D&D; if you run
into anything and want help
toss me a line I gotta hook you up
thanks gents were booked no I appreciate
that we have fire dady
jury Moy oh that's all right
you have my back I got a job watching
dr. smoke trees for 21 fucking months in
a row Gunnar fear
geesh maybe Neffe er 'no fear yeah yeah
sure jeez Schatz for 45 motherfucking
months in a row says happy 45 not much
to say except thanks for all the
entertainment here's to another 45
months all the months fra Gert J frog
done Skywalker one tourney Mak who says
thanks for inspiring me to build my own
PC guys I figured if you schlubs could
do it I could room it's true it's really
true you know we we had more technical
problems before starting this dream with
our with our new video card but it was
just something as easy as reading the
manual and moving it from one PCI slot
to another PCI slot it was just that
easy you put it on the wrong hole I put
it classic Jack an accident it slipped
in wipsy
Rice's car 14 hartree-fock er
no we MN for 20 fucking months in a row
says do you watch Mark Browns the game
makers toolkit I've been honestly not
heard it
that's good show it always reminds me
there's a lot of original gameplay ideas
outside of the spotlight if you're bored
with the ever actual hot stuff have been
for decades decades have been for a
while I recommend to visit it just for
the sake of variation yes need it's it's
a lot like um Oh who's the cartoon guys
that have their youtube show where they
kind of talk in depth about simple
mechanics enough I've seen a few of his
episodes I just recently subscribed to
his YouTube channel and yeah he just
kind of delves into like oh here's a
video game concept let's look at it for
a little bit yes neat it's neat
I just watched mm what did I see he oh
he had a really good one on positive and
negative reinforcement loops in games
and and the interesting aspects of those
and why they work and why the Downton ya
game makers toolkit is the name of the
YouTube channel you rich sounds like
Palpatine how our son like Palpatine I
don't know extra credits thank you that
was the that's the animated YouTube show
I was thinking of do you ever watch
extra credits not frequently but I'm
familiar with them yes and a few other
episodes too cool kids like that they
just did talk about games mechanics is
it doesn't really do any more preferred
you go wrapped her sequel itis I think
he only did like two of them don't like
four I think
really
did Castlevania yeah and he didn't make
him he didn't Megaman he did fucking
Zelda did I know that yeah I might have
then didn't even see two of the
different Castlevania games did he do
too and what would the Super Nintendo
one oh okay I might have I think I
remember this other one so much goes in
and out yeah of my brains but yeah like
that wasn't that was never a series that
I think he just started to be a serious
didn't do many of them well I'm sure
it's a lot of work
fucking Zelda right fuckin Zelda where
did we go we said M see Lucas for 48
goddamn motherfucking months in a row oh
that's great that's great there we go
it's a great it's great confetti and MC
Lucas says four years holy fuck can't
believe it's been so long I've been
through a lot of ups and downs over the
years but you and rlm have always been
there with wholesome and bizarre
entertainment thanks for dealing with us
weirdos here's to another four years hey
thanks for sticking around MC Lucas I
don't know if anyone has ever called our
particular brand of entertainment
wholesome before almost certainly not
mister tummy giggles there was mother
fucker
cuz we're so wholesome every once in a
while like I'll talk to you know other
parents and whatnot and you know
eventually the topic of what I do for
work comes into play yeah and you know
the YouTube thing and they're like oh
what's what's your channel you know
we're always looking for something else
and I was like I will tell you the
channel do not watch with your children
yeah yeah not we are not
child's appropriate and they like and
like it's almost like they didn't even
think that not appropriate for children
youtubers exist in because they look
like it looks like that was the first
time that thought had ever occurred to
them like yeah wait a minute should I be
watching these mister tummy giggle says
yep would you guys play a Ryan's babe
game where you're the babe trying to
sabotage Ryan's relationship so he has a
knee antics before your dad shoots the
son of a bitch that would be a great
point and click adventure games yeah
you'd have to you'd have to sabotage
your game your goals would have to
change every screen you're on yeah yeah
and I do plot they take over if it was a
true Ryan's bitch yeah yes and and
different timelines would start and end
abruptly him dark matter for 35 fucking
months in a row who says oh yeah if it
docks
Rob let's hop Rob lit up Rob lit up a
rub lit up there could be rubble down
I think it's Rob laid up I like rumbled
up robble robble robble DUP okay smolder
is awesome solo five six underscore
seven for twenty nine fucking months in
a row do you get shit for your username
now because the solo movie is tanked I
still like it for the record I like the
movie but overall did not get a very
good reaction from the fans really do
not I I I explained this a little bit on
Sunday I had to leave after about an
hour of the movie yeah because my child
was acting inappropriately and I didn't
mind that I had to leave an hour into
the movie that's him I was your child
acting inappropriately they because they
were so bored with the movie they were
so bored so I left and I was okay
leaving okay maybe I'll watch it when it
comes to the TV and finish it up
after your ship round Sun seven oaths
dial 871 says yay prereq but screw my
internet provider who left me internet
less for about 90% of your III stream Oh
was that terrible stream don't worry
about it
I'm sure someone Clips there like two or
three funny moment yeah I was two or
three funny moment let's just watch
those Clips you'll be fine
black Dynamite's who says I can't
believe I've remembered to clip to click
on prime sub six times in a row
gratulations you did it Black Dynamite
yeah you're looking at me I was gonna
hold back until we hit the second person
who mentioned it oh really
cuz usually there's one or two people
mention it so you don't want to bus that
I first I I was just I'm just waiting
for it I gave you your room I don't like
but then I could feel you waiting for it
I wanna go you you didn't want to give
me the satisfaction just want to be a
little bit of a break because you know I
like to mention that you have to
manually recent scribe to Amazon Prime
every month collecting data for 39
motherfucking months in a row
cuz if you could be any video game
character from an 8-bit game for eight
hours who would you be lol fuck baduk
are the kids still saying that all of
them all of them are why just eight
hours
why am I gonna want to be any video game
character for eight hours I suppose the
idea is at the end you get to turn back
into you
Mario you're having fun playing it but
the video game characters themselves are
usually not having a very good time of
things like do I want to go jogging for
five hours and jumping now all right
I've got it okay oh no the main
character of Wall Street kid I'm just
trying to get all that money I just I
just invest that money then I'm not the
character anymore
but I got those investments god damn it
that's best I got that's the best I got
unsharp fucking notice if I were gonna
play the game yeah the game that they
want us to play which is like a nation
adventure right right now and all that
bullshit right now I'm in a super
fantasy place like I really I'm enjoying
kind of the fantasy so I'd say I'd say
the link I'd want to go on an adventure
and monsters with a sword
maybe Mario get a smooch from the
princess you know something like that I
don't that's all I got so you're taking
peach over Zelda does link it to
smooches Elva at the end does he get a
smooch this is the question ever lose
ever been a smooch usually Mario just
gets cake though I want to say there's a
little heart at the end of the original
Super Mario Brothers which I've always
interpreted as a smooth oh my god
there's probably like some kind of ron
jeremy adult game right totes only game
there's some sort of game where I can
really really make those eight hours
countdown yeah well you turn back into
you and like any diseases don't transfer
right none of the bad stuff transfers
right
where we go we're at add a did uh Hut 88
I did at I did that oh I think I get it
Livan 421 fucking months in a row Cuba
99 dark gun Baba Ben Harvey rip big man
oh oh my god there's plenty more because
we're because were magnified because of
our old man eyes our I had to scroll the
magnifying glass down our old man called
Donner 777 general custard FP Shay's Lee
this new subscriber for twenty six
fucking months in a row mr. mo she isn't
I don't think so is it I think he's just
saying you're just saying it's just
saying exclamation point butts butts
okay butts butts butts that was part of
some kind of bug emoji could be I don't
know Ren jib for 20 fucking months in a
row
Matt James Tex are perfect Gil foo
Randolph the rad says just found out the
name for these solo a Star Wars sequels
a Star Wars story sequel cancelled a
Star Wars story
oh shit if they actually plan to sequel
is definitely cancelled now they're
there they're what they're doing right
now they're there in the process of
what's known as retooling just we're
rethinking
our strategy for the solo sequel mm-hmm
which is just ya can't which is
canceling it universe ol play-doh 1 for
16 months in a row says you guys should
do another mspaint pictionary stream but
a while but sure
sure why not it's my turn to read oh yes
how this works I know how this works
we've been doing this for four years
baby Slayer one five six 444
motherfucking months in a row who says
my aunt Susie wants me to tell rich that
she has the hots for you
cool yeah get that get that uh hey Susie
get that off I'll have an aunt I'd like
to fuck an ill ill ill
that's an elf Oh get you give me that
Alf lovin a little bit a very different
TV show else just you know older ladies
with a glass of rose a a hot naked aunt
living in the Tanners home waiting Jenny
I don't know if anyone was named Johnny
she'd have to be a lesbian though always
trying to get that pussy health in the
show was as a TV show but an alien it
was a puppet and he liked to eat cats I
like it I like it for those who didn't
know but we know through analytics that
some people do most people get that
reference
Lulla monster for 12 months in a row
leftover beefcake 43 motherfucking
months in a row beefcake hmm make the
font bigger in the twat sure or
ship prereq a pair of reading glasses
hmm I wonder how rich would look at a
pair of nice black horn-rimmed
spectacles if you could either you make
the font a little bit bigger beefcake
some people need it
Jeb Bojangles says although the sentence
begins with because it is false okay not
Captain Picard says who was better
Carter Kirk they both have the charms
the card and probably I don't hate Kirk
crooks great he doesn't he doesn't cook
thing but yeah you're the correct answer
is you're correct is there two very
different captains Turks were you know
an action hero yes the star the hero
he's the Cowboys the key is the cowboy
he's taming the wild way out of space
and and Picard is the diplomat and you
get very very different stories out of
the very different reactions very
different approaches yeah agreed agreed
black
octopus ink Chris X right ah j RR
Lovecraft for 17 months in a row and
that was everybody thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
it's true
we really do rich how many gay kisses do
you give this stream none it sucked
