Jun 27, 2018
Injustice 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278472845
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278476648
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v= wJ_blCRif6o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr3uwC4YAeo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1012038889035517963

[Part I]
the pizza train Papa Papa what do you
need to talk about I see pizza trains
Pizza train and the chat says hey tell
Jack that I hated Luke Cage season 1 as
much as he did but season 2 is real real
good ok
that's what pizza train says I've
watched one episode of season 2 yeah and
so far it's the same hot garbage -
season 1 yeah that's just one episode ok
ok but that one episode that the first
episode of season 2 of Luke Cage does
nothing goes nowhere the exact same
problem of genetic characteristics
should have put your hands down
and then just pretended you really knew
how I'm doing with you now I'm playing
right now yeah game seems to be running
fine of course we're you know we have
the separate streaming computer now and
I turned down a bunch of the graphic
settings just in case okay
so let's let's hope Bob but yeah we eye
last night Lisa and I sat down hey what
do want to watch and we had we have a
bunch of backlog bunch of shows we wanna
watch to catch up to but it's like yeah
you know what feeling a little feeling a
little brave tonight let's watch it
season 2 of Luke Cage I hear it's good
people keep saying it's better than
season 1 I'm ready and episode 1 not so
good you could have watched what could i
watch The Venture Brothers I could have
watched The Venture Brothers that would
have been great I'm assuming you haven't
watched any of it you know no okay you
know what else I could have watched I
could have watched the expanse which I
need to catch up on or Westworld which I
need to catch up on or killing Eve which
I need to catch up on there's like good
shows that I actually enjoy that I could
have watched but I wanted to take a
little chance I think one of one of two
things would happen if you watch The
Venture Brothers yeah either you would
love it and we would have something to
talk about I'd be able to talk to
somebody about the Venture Brothers yeah
or you will bizarrely hate it mm-hm and
it'll still be a good conversation about
the Venture Brothers I will get to it
I will get to it I would have watched it
I would have watched it but I've been I
was editing as we have an episode to
edit and I was uh I was on a good edit
streak these last couple days yeah but
you're like eight years late and two
Venture Brothers alright
I tried 14 so I guess that means I can't
watch I'm too late
eight eight years as if it's only been
eight years
I'm gonna get into the practice here
just so I can never have some of the
moves work let's take a look at probably
probably another year away from Season
seven at this rate seven seasons coming
in 30 days or so I'll believe it what I
see it that's the smart call right there
what I never I never fuckin remember I
know I should remember oh no I think I
thought I oh it's just nothing I thought
I said this one oh did I do hold on I
thought I set this one up to nothing but
apparently it's defaulted to my to my
general windows ID password with any -
okay hold on just this - story is
shamelessly embarrassing especially when
they bring in Joker it's beyond a cash
grab is the story the main draw for a
fighting game normally no we died the
zig one well you want Joker in the new
fighting game this is a fighting game
the purpose is just all the characters
you have access to so they can punch
each other
fanservice we want to have the fans talk
about the fan thing they like I guess
you don't need to use them in story mode
or something but
there we go
okay they go ok ok we'll we'll see if we
can fix that so so it does not require a
password to login ok I'm gonna do I'm
probably gonna need your help signing
into 8 other things so I can read no
problem yeah I got the we discovered
this one we bought it you can buy the
legendary edition for like 60 bucks or
you can buy all the game and all the
individual DLC for like a hundred and
twenty it was it was nuts yeah I think
we're good ok
you're practicing with Hellboy and not
doing anything I'm I'm almost
disappointed it doesn't look like like
run per my mic mic Magana or oh you know
I was gonna say actually I think it's
more his art style than movie style I
mean like flat-out 2d looking oh yeah I
like that kind of just like red and
black yeah Mike Mignola yeah Mike
Mignola something like that yeah
Oh
I think he looks very silly like look at
his tiny tiny legs in his big body are
you saying that Hellboy looks silly
that's exactly what I'm saying oh oh you
can switch stances like that
nice okay just figure in the game
outsell
that was just straight-up button mashing
okay super move available for a Britain
thanks okay
alright I think I'm good well just play
through the story
many thoughts and jared leto van Casas
Morbius the living vampire and sunny
spider-man solo universe which doesn't
feature spider-man I have the same
thoughts that everybody should have on
this no thoughts because nobody should
give a fuck about Sony's non spider-man
spider-man universe mm-hmm I thought
we've already agreed that the the non
spider-man spider-man universe which is
kicking off with the venom movie no
matter man's most overrated character
and haven't we already all agreed that
not even Tom a Hardy cares about the
venom yeah it just looks like a hot mess
it looks like it's going to be a bland
and generic dark movie
and all the terminators here
little I know about this game yeah okay
the Brainiac redneck
this is Krypton and that would be
Supergirl okay that's Cara that is my
very strong presumption
so this
but what but what so when did this
happen well presumably is this on
another reality presumably this is in
the past well of course it's in the past
yeah but I'm going to assume that in
this universe Brainiac destroyed Krypton
I guess we're gonna fit you know what
maybe we should just wait and find out
yes that is Kara in this universe
Brainiac destroys Krypton
Oh boom apparently it's figured it out
already blue laser flip friendship Oh
what
did you really know that no I did not
know that rich you could make a killing
being a writer he's saying that I could
write a Hollywood blockbuster I'm saying
that if they ever need a hack or the one
you know all the things
Cara come quickly everyone's mouth is
like this ha
what face do you make after this happens
only to millions of people that's only
the beginning
brainiacs destabilized the planets core
Krypton won't hold together research
isn't there something you can do that's
why we can sustain Kryptonians far away
he's built a ship just like this for
your cousin cow cow he's just a baby
which is why you need to protect him
teach him our ways
me teaching what about you no no I won't
leave you could you have sent a boy my
own age I mean he's my cousin you you
really weren't thinking this through
were you
I know Krypton is the south of the
galaxy but if we're gonna propagate our
race maybe someone else is putting that
out there mom
and that's pretty standard canon she
left at around the same or you know yeah
she left at around the same time as cow
but pod got knocked off-course whoopsy
dupes well they did end up in Kansas
Kansas isn't that South in my years
fighting crime I've learned one truth
that every villain is the hero of his
own story
Superman was no exception The Joker
drugged him tricked him into killing his
pregnant wife Lois and made him trigger
the bomb that nuked metropolis so when
Superman killed the Joker I understood
why we all did but oh fuck off I think I
think we can all make an exception for
the Joker's especially after metropolis
got Newt stopped all crime before by any
means necessary
right
our greatest threat
you know that's just like you know the
worst of the worst he's going to kill
them baby sounds like justice to me
killing people isn't justice Superman
can't see that he's grieving he needs
time to heal
yeah and what if it have been Gotham if
Joker had killed me your own son thought
I'd be glad to be rid of Damian wait
yeah that's why that's what he didn't
say yeah he was like he's like do you
think he could oh that would be great we
do have to oh that's right our screen is
full screen which means we're lopping
off the bottom half of it so you guys
can't see the subtitles I'm very sorry
and we're not gonna fix it during the
screams because we know that that leads
to scream dude they want to read the
thing I know but do you want to I can
turn off our overlay don't do that I
have to my god you read every event
resizing it on fire
Beast Boy
again you're running to be angry but
it's not a blank check whoa now I'm
blocking off the subtitles we just turn
the fucking volume up
do I need to trim the sound on the game
up
oh no it's fine all right
proceed under the assumption that it's
fine okay great
that's a great idea
yet one says Jack enriched which game
sounds better superhot roguelite or our
mellow turn-based digital board game
well I know nothing about our mellow so
I'm gonna have to go it's superhot
roguelite by default right yeah super
hot dog like could be fun
I know that one of my big problems with
superhot was the super pretentious story
so I I might like superhot roguelike
armello I think I've played a little bit
of actually I have our mouth and you
know it's fine let's go I didn't I
didn't fall in love it
it's fine oh but you know speaking of
board games rich yeah some some crazy
news drops today yeah
friend of the stream Edmund McMillen
yoga has been teasing a new game he's
been working on oh my god he announced
this morning a binding of issac heart
game which has a Kickstarter which which
I found out about it like 10 o'clock
this morning yeah and as a like I think
the Kickstarter opened at 8 in the
morning by the time I found about it at
10 o'clock in the morning it was already
400 percent funded so okay it's
happening hey girl the ugliest version
of some of these characters yep yes to
keep you in Clark from making a terrible
mistake
none of us wanted this but the Joker
forced our hand
metropolis changed the world now we have
to change with it
not like this so is this like you before
before injustice this is this is an
injustice prequel right now yeah
those things do we're not doing great
you're doing okay yeah great I feel I
feel good about doing occasion you don't
manage the buns then it'll be fine
that's us I know it's what if this is a
fighting game it Batman super I've seen
some of these they're deep shit
why not I'm not saying this is a bad
fighting game but I don't know how you
could argue that isn't what one of the
ugliest costumes Batman has ever worn
oh and I mean he's like also his facial
animations look super weak oh shit you
got me is there this is for the chat and
rich if you could double check for me is
there a dedicated block button or is it
just pressing the back button ah I will
wait for the chat to say thank you
probably just the backup it's usually
just a but the back button button
Wonder Woman come she was also crap it's
not great back to block okay great thank
you
there are tons of costume combinations
so I've heard I'm just pointing out that
what I'm looking at right now is hideous
and I don't know I don't know why that's
a controversial thing to be saying I
think it is a controversial oh did I
lose yeah
we try no this is ugly they're ugly
they're all ugly everyone everyone in
the world costumes cost extra wage
actually have to buy the the in grade
customizable costumes you don't earn
them through Play
oh yeah I know why I would be surprised
by that if that's true that's DLC why
don't the DLC was extra characters and
costumes
rich you can't say anything negative
about anything or people get offended I
have noticed this yes
humph toolkit for Jack you can tag
combos and the moves list to show on
screen while fighting helpful to use
moves without memorization I mean are we
not playing against each other right
well we're going through the story mode
yeah that's that's that's where our fun
came from last night can you do two
players story mode apparently I can't
even do single-player story mode cuz I'm
sucking so bad at it
I got a resort to abusing my super moves
now get back into the flow
shit
there
I know one well to be fair Wonder Woman
would whip that man's ass so it's okay
to tell ya truth where is he cellblock C
you can't turn your back on him he needs
you
that's why I came
he's gonna slaughter everybody with his
heat vision would be great it's just
like could you guys line up for a second
yep
with his arms out like that oh yeah come
on Superman two minutes he looks like
Greg Kinnear that's not it's a fine look
for Superman I mean these inmates are
irredeemable they're thieves rapists
murderers like the Joker that's the
problem with fighting for truth and
justice the battle never ends and
executing that will end it
I mean first oh yes now this when does
it stop when there's no more crime when
people can live without fear we want the
same thing Bruce I wanted to kill my
parents murderer I could have but that's
not the life they wanted Damian and it's
not the life Louis with one for you
don't you put that on me
a red solar grenade to dull your powers
you need to stop take time to grieve
before it's too late you wouldn't
you're supposed to be my friend which is
why I have to stop you right right hey
how about a little bit this nope
how about space nope that's okay doing
terribly doing terribly well you are
fighting Superman right doing terribly
it's just something you should expect
from fighting Superman yes
kryptonite ponch you have a
super-dee-duper
oh fuck you you fucked the suit you do
Papa while he blocks you can block the
soup tea do you think there's like
Technic technically speaking my
kryptonite punch should just kill him
you should have put it on the easiest
mode you actually have to learn the
basics of the game if you want to play
on normal yeah I'm thinking that's true
late I know I can probably go back if I
if I lose to the Superman fight then I
will okay just so we can get through the
story nope sad thing about injustice -
is that good Superman doesn't come back
to save the day so it really ruins the
image of this character even more yeah
this is supposed to be weird all didn't
universe Superman so I'm okay with it
yeah that's that's that's kind of the
whole point of this it's like a big old
whatever okay quick to main menu can I
reach you
I need you to tell me I love evil
Superman because is such a shit boring
character that being evil actually marks
it interesting
good Superman can be done right it's
just not about beating people in the
face right you don't you don't emphasize
that
Oh y-you know what I've been completely
not using Y at all no whoopsie where
does he beat people then he he saves
people
that's that Superman shtick which like I
understand like in this Oh in these
modern times all these kids wants is
murder and death and mayhem but
Superman's old school he just wants to
save people yeah yeah he stops the bank
robbers it steps the bank robbers but
then the bank robbers take a hostage so
Superman whoa
okay stop it Superman has to find a way
to stop all of the helicopter drones
with the explosives while also putting
out the fire in that skyscraper
yeah same time he like his tough choice
is choosing who to save Oh or how to
save them both yes
it's actually like the one of the one of
the like two interesting things they did
in the in the Superman Returns movie
yeah is that scene where he was floating
above the earth and he had to chew he
had to fuck you Superman
yes channel all-star Superman is kind of
amazing
who wrote that Frank quietly was the
artist how did I get here I don't know
how you got there I don't fucking know
what's going on I need to start a whole
new game by the way if if I want to it
won't let me change the difficulty mid
game okay oh no fuck nope damn it
should you start again uneasy I that's
what I wanted to do but I accidentally
hit continue it's not oh my no or look
into options I did I thought straight
again let's try it again oh I have to
stop you all right so we have resumed
move lists control preset our main menu
which is leaving the game unless it's in
controller preset Grant Morrison wrote
all-star Superman thank you chat and
then move lists oh no I have to I do
have to go back because uh I'm just not
gonna be good enough for for normal
oh here our story difficulty de you know
you know what you should do I know I
know good do this
I should do very easy but we're just
gonna take it down to one notch Jack's
pride will be his downfall just take it
down one notch and see if we can if we
can do somewhat better just easy it's
very easy like the character to stand
stove you just want the story Naughty
Dog mode not about yeah like the other
character just moves in slow motion so
you can see all their attacks naughty
dogs pack them somebody talks pac-man
yeah okay pac-man with very little
gameplay and a lot of scripted events
for the ghost talk we're the guys talk
and Pat men have said you know escort
miss pac-man around and they talk about
the state of their relationship called
slow that you move slower during this
section slowly that's I like it little
button prompts a section where you have
to eat the ghost monsters and you walk
over by the power pellet of the game
pauses and there's like that the ex prop
thumbs on the screen and you can exit
the power fella
so the ghost turned blue
rethink your strategy
the promise it's like even just going
down to regular easy so far
but I enjoy any of Naughty Dog's early
stuff at all
oh look Crash Bandicoot is great really
I did not much care for crass America's
fine
I did not much good for Christ sorry jak
and daxter in cuz standard standard
platformer of that era the first one
then the second one was a 120 121 sounds
incorrigible we do my rosin let him so
you guys got a fucking more fresh yeah
got a stupid fucking horny son hoes eyes
that makes sense League of Assassins do
problem solved
who's next Damien this is why no one
likes you Damien you're kind of a dick
at home see I'm not a big reader of the
comics I I have I have really nope no
room to complain yeah but does anybody
like Damien I mean obvious what was that
he sounds like an obnoxious character
who's Damian Damian Wayne the current
Robin is Batman's son with Talia al Ghul
you know the daughter of that terrorist
who wants to kill half of all human life
yeah
and Andi she she had Damian without
Batman knowing and he was raised by the
League of Assassins and now he's Robin
now he's Batman spoiled bloodthirsty kid
yeah it was a Robin you know it probably
leads to some interesting dynamics you
know like this you know Damian wants to
just murder people and Batman says no
don't murder people but how many times
can you have that conversation as
someone who never liked the Robin
character any of them really like for
Batman alone he just seems like a super
obnoxious version of Robin sure and one
who can't just go away because he's
Batman's blood relative yeah you can't
get rid of the character of Damian Wayne
without making Batman even more of a
horrible person
so you're just stuck with them
Damien Wayans is is that the Batman
equivalent of herpes Damian Wayne Dan
wins
well that is after he gets done fighting
crime after Batman kicks him out he
joins the Wayne brothers the Wayans
brothers and does some comedy movies
by
I mean to be fair Batman they keep
getting out you know Superman's behind
bars
Damian my own son is there with him
oh wait so in this timeline does
everyone know he's Batman I yeah I
thought your goal was to reassure people
mr. Wayne you're not alone in rebuilding
Gotham and metropolis but if we don't
change some mind soon thought that's why
you hired that overpaid PR firm Lucius
convincing folks to move back to these
cities is a lot harder than they're
afraid someone's gonna knock them down
again
Superman's never getting out I made that
clear
what Wonder Woman black atom Aquaman
they're still out there somewhere
why would you assume that you sure that
Superman's never getting out why would
you assume that
oh good let me tell you clarify my might
real Superman Jarriel Joker a normal man
with a bleached skin was so much money
for it was very susceptible to skin
cancer escaped a maximum-security prison
no no I built a better present at
counter right now 372 times but Superman
definitely couldn't get out right
themselves not even you
why is it important that he's
susceptible to skin cancer it's not it's
just I mean this is only superpower it's
just a dude submitters fucking super
matter thanks for coming on short notice
right you're lucky we found a sitter
wait isn't green arrow dead in this
universe this is a different universe
maybe this is before he died
my great-grandfather built the original
Gotham underground but these days it's
the Batcave
because this is this isn't our other
right this is a different yeah yeah
surveillance hub more than that a
communications hub licking every
satellite and server on the planet it
warns us when troubles coming and guides
us when troubles here must take a real
genius to operate genius
a world away you know that voice and
that character model just does not go
well together
I don't like it I don't like it worst
Harley I've seen created gaps it's just
with the realistic body rendering you
can't talk like this because real people
don't talk like that well the whole
point is she's nuts the question is why
would you trust her yeah that's the real
question
good guys versus I forget they're not
putting her in jails good thing I packed
my bug spray I need you three to stop
that gas before it gets too grande not
joining us for the party unfortunately I
can't leave go to our room why need
today this game is very good it is a
quality piece of entertainment I will
say nothing amusing to in order to not
offend your sensibilities
she's a different person enjoy Matt
regards enjoyment he just said a name I
recognize rich I know thing I know thing
he's talking about the joking I know
thing I like the Joker's purging system
of fun
they're not dead shot we'll be ready for
tomorrow's attack tomorrow well you know
I started reading speaking of who I
think is coming up here yeah I started
reading oh I thought this was gonna be
Swamp Thing because you know they're in
swamp I started reading that Swamp Thing
book that you were talking about the
root of all evil is that going you were
done you know this is what I was talking
about it I haven't talked about Swamp
Thing much no I know you you sure was me
someone mentioned like Alan Ward taking
over and the first story he did oh okay
I know and revamp you Swamp things
origins Oh
someone else might have recommended as
me after that conversation okay it's
it's a Swamp Thing book and I think it's
called the root of all evil and it is
too nuts for me then it's all just about
it's all just about the guy who is one
thing the the man who is one thing yeah
going on a drug-addled
trip to try to figure out what's real
and what's Swamp Thing and it's just
nothing but him doing drugs is freaking
out for a tissue is terrible the man who
was they did they really do swell things
origin cuz the one the only story I've
read through Swamp Thing yeah is the
first one Alan Moore road where he
retconned is origin like dinner
autopsies on Swamp Thing and realized he
never was a man he was just a plant
thought he was someone else okay
well then this might have been after it
because this yes so this is a RiRi vamp
of that because then it was the man or
the man God trying to be a man again but
the drugs had taken over and and the the
God part of him was like like killing
people in the swamp stop it
he's an ivy
how does that not what
Oh Chet if I want to see Batman is a
ninja I will just go watch literally any
other Batman cartoon ever made that's
the kind of Batman's whole shtick I see
I I mean the the Batman Anna made looks
interesting I guess soon that's what
they're talking about yep because that's
all they talk about is is you an anime
let's say you're wasting your
super-dee-duper I have no help
oh yeah and I realized that too late I
realized that too late I use my super
dupe and it didn't get to do the fun
thing because they're too long Batman
ninja is full-on schwa
you have a high tolerance but everyone
has something to fear that's an
interesting way to do scarecrow he gives
people fear gasps oh you can have a
different character design yeah yeah oh
shit oh that's great that's right I
remember they have a environmental thing
oh shit hey how come I couldn't do that
get him dog
that's a good scarecrow costume yeah I
would agree with that it might be a
little bit too beefy but now it works
because it's a hallucination yeah Angela
characters jump off stuff strong
characters and gross stuff haha wasted
you stupid II do
that's a shame you want to see it right
I noticed rich kicking your ass Jack
what are you gonna get tired of kicking
your ass of him kicking my ass I am
already tired of it does that count I'm
trying to get some spacing between us so
I can throw my dog at him again
Oh
No so exactly could have hit by all the
supers so he can see that at least once
right yeah yeah that's true I should
have I should have let me hit and let
him hit me with the sooner though then
I'd probably dead because even though
I'm playing uneasy it's still a little
too much for me
he's Jeffrey Combs scarecrow and Batman
the Animated Series I don't remember
that I could see it
shock shocking would be that I didn't
notice if that's true I've no reason to
doubt it I mean it's possible I I'm
trying to place the voice maybe maybe in
a different patch
maybe not animated Cheers
oh he was in the the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles animals means he did the
Rat King Jeffrey Combs wanna see what
Batman who is in
Oh Holly always such a disappointment
he was kite man and Batman The Brave and
the bold if that counts supposed he's in
this oh he was in Justice League
Unlimited
don't great jack
no great I feel like I'm doing great I'm
trying to grab them grab them grab them
fucking son of a bitch
I'll let him if he gets his super I'll
let him hit me with it I had these I had
these in help shit I just might lose
anyway hey Jason top of it cleaned your
collage oh yeah yeah
listen I'm we might need to jump it down
very easy well I'm assuming presuming
you let yourself get hit at the end
there I well I did I was okay with
getting hit but I mean in general no
they're kicking my ass
it's just how out of practice I am with
fighting games in general but I'll get
there I do know better I'm shit at
fighting those oh well and you know what
this is just like kind of last injustice
where it just took me a while
check I made a tactical decision to lose
pecker that's right that's absolutely
right you're welcome you're welcome
everyone Thomas are done this is big fan
from Russia got a question for rich did
you read the early 2000s run on Amazing
Spiderman by Straczynski it was
different from presented Peter as a
mature teacher and focused on him
dealing with more magical stuff I liked
his character art check it out please
know I was very fond of that run up
until you got to Gwen Stacy's goblin
babies and then it suddenly turned to
shit but right until then until that one
specific moment he had a great run an
amazing Gwen Stacy's goblin babies yes
she had sex with Norman Osborn and gave
fat gave birth to rapidly aging aging
goblin babies and you know I just I
think you get old enough to fight Peter
of course I'm sure that happened I just
love the phrase Gwen Stacy's goblin baby
rapidly aging goblin babies if you know
like if you want a band name Gwen
Stacy's Gwen Stacy's goblin babies Gwen
Stacy and the goblin babies that's your
band name
oh there is
now let me pay to miss someone else I've
been fighting as Harley along
oh no it's just that horrible Tara
Strong Harley I don't think she's
terrible
I don't think Sarah strong because she
does she's the original voice actress
right no I don't think so is that - no
oh no no definitely wasn't it was um
who's the original I'm drawing a blank
on her name but Jack thought it was Tara
Strong what was your name fuck man
Arleen Sorkin Thank You Chad I'm trying
to keep this I believe she was a friend
of Paul DS okay and Arleen Sorkin was at
a soap opera once and in some kind of
fantasy sequence on the soap opera she
was dressed up like a jester ah which
inspired the character of Harleen
Quinzel oh I'm trying to let him I have
a decent enough helper I'm trying to let
him do his super TV bomb me so the
character was created specifically for
the original voice actress Miami
if Jack makes a perfect round without
losing health I will donate ten bucks
not gonna happen my friend but you know
I appreciate the incentive
oh you're so weird
even by comic-book standards Swamp Thing
is weird
everybody's so ugly why is everybody so
ugly rich cuz they want you to buy new
costumes look at this thing look at the
shoulder pants wait when did she arrive
where did she come to just she just
showed up
where was a rocket ship in the clouds
listening if someone saw you how many
times have we told you it's too
dangerous outside conduct I spent
decades lost in space stuck in
hypersleep until Adam found my ship and
now I'm cooped up here how can we make
you more comfortable let me out Diana
you've taught me what my powers can do
this world needs help
Earth's people are so divided they're
always fighting
she's got nothing on the c-w Supergirl
Melissa Benoit is is quite the Supergirl
absolutely
or Benoist I don't know how you
pronounce your name I like Benoit cause
that sounds you know light and Frankish
and fluffy like a beignet but it's
spelled like the noise yes I would
assume there were a time jump I'm just
kind of curious how she got here she was
floating it's all she was doing the
whole floating thing
although we were looking up Jeffrey
Combs and whether or not he played
anything on Batman the Animated Series
he was the Scarecrow and dr. Jonathan
crane on the new Batman adventures I did
not notice
so not the animated series the new
Batman adventures last season okay so he
wasn't the original scarecrow okay
that's why I didn't know next gorilla
city guess I better call the sitter
mommy and daddy that season where they
changed all of the characters I like I
like the version of Batman oh yeah yeah
I don't like the black cape like the
really dark black I don't know if I
remember I wasn't so fond of the Joker's
really beginning to black eyes oh I
remember that yeah I definitely remember
that
but I thought the redesign of Batman
himself just sweet okay
yeah everybody looks a little off like
even their faces like just nothing he
looks right just think some of the
costume designs are really ugly yeah I
mean that's gorilla grodd I'm gonna let
him get away with it because you know
he's a monkey all right I love his I
love his big gorilla potbelly
what is that Cheetara
poison ivy captain cold Catwoman is that
Bane I guess it's alright
that's an alright collection of baddies
you hear that you want to see them mess
up Solomon Grundy how do you fuck up
Solomon Grundy in this game oh how do
you make him look uglier than injustice
style costume you can oh yeah Grundy you
give him like some sort of like armor
how no reason he's just wearing armor
yeah and a helmets like a knight's
helmet or like instead of like football
shoulder pads yes that's how you do it
instead of like the classic torn yeah
silver football shoulder pads and a
football helmet and George you mean as
long as we follow your orders Jeet ah
isn't her name she tolerated slaughter
swamp or is that a Thundercats that's I
think that might be a Thundercat they're
the same character the the the sexy
cheetah lady partner since we're relying
so much on him
I'm a brave one right I'm not bold
enough to disagree I call first dibs
you know Oh black lady fight I'm okay
with Selena's redesigned here with it
with the cat ears and the goggles yeah
that's fine I mean the rest of her
outfit looks ugly but uh whoever gave
her that initial redesign I'm okay with
what was that she's uglier than she was
in the Arkham games Goodwin says but
doesn't mean a mirror the culture it is
Star Trek had Kirk at height of Cold War
and next gen was after Cold War was
almost over
now it's just mirroring the overall
pessimism what I don't know I'm assuming
we're talking about Star Trek discovery
now which oh just overall pessimism
that's contrary to the nature of Star
Trek even even though like original Star
Trek was you know Cold War era it was
still about hope and humanity coming
together
one who's your super-dee I have decent
health did we miss the shack fou stream
for YouTube
that's on me if we did you've been
missing a lot of them yeah so I don't
know I just got three ready before we oh
I don't know I we might have I guess
that was a pretty recent phone right
yeah it's been busy couple weeks around
here that's true I let her hit me
because I motorcycle all right
I used Canaries one and I honestly don't
know what it was I forgot what it was
maybe I missed it
babe that's even an ugly Bane and Bane's
like usually pretty ugly green arrow
this may be great Power Rangers Bane yes
that's exactly what it is
okay and how do people keep fucking up
where's some who should look into our
luchador mask whoa
apparently I hit the start button now
Arkham origins may be the only game that
has done vain justice oh yeah
I picked up an antelope and threw it at
me I know I know it's it sucks that they
didn't get kevin conroy or mark hamill
for arkham origins
yeah and the overworld is just blatantly
the arkham city overall but if you care
about story in games it's the best of
the series use your super-dee alright
he's your super
I thought you liked bein in Arkham City
he's barely in Arkham City he kind of
has extended his I was almost a cameo in
Arkham City and it's the same vein that
was in Arkham Asylum which was probably
the dumbest version of Bane our Arkham
origins is the one that does bend
justice yeah Arkham Asylum Bane was was
big dumb monster yeah who ran a super
stupid yeah me crash into wall me so
stupid me run right into wall Batman
hence forth referred to as Tarzan Bane
yeah yeah now where's that damn dirty
ape
I come to you as darkness falls dr. fate
Dinah Lance Oliver Queen in the past
I've shielded you from danger but a
grave crisis looms
no I'm kind of on the case we're staying
here everyone and everything you know
will die I will Shepherd you to safety
lest you suffer the same fate force if
necessary a good doctors been wearing
that home for too long and let's help
them out watch my back
Toxocara burger but it's just an ugly
character in general like I don't know
if I want to blame this game wait a big
dumb element okay
sick of Conroy Hamel yeah I don't I know
I don't see that happening I don't
foresee myself someone in the chat
saying they're sick of them I just don't
see myself getting sick of them as those
characters right as long as they're
still writing good stories for them
right oh yeah I mean that's that's the
important part right I'm gonna I'm gonna
look up Bane and visually what he looks
like in Arkham origins and see if I'm
not just thinking of that game with
gross tinted glasses
somebody's saying Vayne doesn't look
that different here than he did in
orders so I'm gonna I'm gonna do me an
image search right now do it
yeah you know what his mask is kind of
shitty other than the mask though I like
the rest of his outfit in Origins but
the P right the mask his shit yeah yeah
they wrote him right though he feels
like bein in Arkham origins he's not
just smash water crush
you know Chat Chat gets a point for ugly
baby for me kind of misremembering sure
okay
I want to do at least my super dupe lane
Bane is Batman's best villain when he's
done rights I first of all that way I
wouldn't go as far as saying the best
that statement can be said just about
anyone right look like this is his best
villain when he's done right he's a damn
good villain you lost control of the boo
the spirit of the hell
thanks to you I'm back in charge for now
I have to go consult my masters the
Lords Florida pray they'll intervene
before it's too late
too late for what Kent what's going down
the lowest Patrick bars me from saying
more I have changed fate too many times
this planet's destiny is no longer clear
what comes next mere mortals cannot stop
for better or your victim rests in the
dogs that was spooky yeah come on let's
find Grodd and get the hell out of here
that's the best scarecrow centered
Batman story alright here's the sad
truth Arkham Knight and he's not even
really the central villain to that story
we're happy to check out but you're
coming with us
fighting a talking ape wasn't enough and
to throw any telekinesis I forgot to
bring my banana arrow wait you eat
bananas right or is that an offensive
stereotype
cheese and read cycle of violence fish
okay look I'll grant you there's a lot
of scarecrows stories I haven't read oh
sure
getting green about the gills see
kicking here no no I'm kicking - white
is good
never mind white is good I'm waiting for
him I'm trying to hear what I'm doing
I'm doing good enough wrong I can let
him do his duty
I was thinking white was empty you could
that would be that would be normal yeah
oh that's a super lame soup deep yeah
then again he is gorilla grodd so you
know he fight he's probably not high on
the list of giving an awesome super
power - like green arrows is kind of
underwhelming - hey shoots the arrow
doesn't flippin thing it's fine I'm
gonna be okay with it
desperately trying to work those arrows
into a melee fighting game gots to gots
two minutes all he's got it's just all
he's got he can he can hit people with
his uh with his bow and arrow and that's
about it man that's about it I was just
trying to be PC also his snark is
getting on my nerve already so I really
hope we switch characters so he's not
good at the snark ya know he's trying
he's trying
oh look they brought along giant
oversized gorilla handcuffs why it's
never good when you slap the cuffs on
and then they start chuckling no that's
what I'm saying where did he keep those
giant gorilla handcuffs
we know this when we when we got when we
were playing in just this one which
takes place after this did we know that
brewing in the act showed up at one
point I think we are now after injustice
one what we've jumped around in the
timeline I got nothing oh yeah that's
right you are correct they had a super
duper flashback to let you know about
Supergirl right then they had a normal
old flashback
let you know the Batman felt bad about
Robin and then we are in normal so okay
no bro my point of origin was a thousand
light years removed from Mars on the
planet coding tipping Holmes
mr. difficult
becomes the cones use your voice there
we go
that's your whole thing and effect
resistance begets violence
you're the grave crisis we were warned
about what do you want
I seek the one you call Superman are
years I'm Lala oh no they didn't kill
him they they just arrested him the
chakras we just killed them I am so
sorry we have a Supergirl
we have a Batman they know about
Supergirl Christie oh I wonder yeah I
wonder if she's fascinating will never
serve you I am the petty death but I
collect worlds preserving their
essential knowledge to enhance my
intellect and then I discard the
remnants why your species values
precious metals arbitrary symbols of
status everyone's ugly acknowledge and
like your metal trinkets knowledge is
more valuable when it is rare
so is the story of injustice - gonna be
we have to break Superman out of prison
so he can help us fight Brainiac is that
what it's gonna be
Superman's gonna read evil Superman is
gonna redeem himself date on the team at
gorillas I know stuff about your story
okay way naver's I saw some stuff way
before we even streamed the first one
okay so I know answers to things I could
spoil well I guess he look like you
he kind of looks like a derpy Jon Hamm
and in prison this Bruce Wayne developed
I mean everyone looks a little bit derp
in this five module to prevail you
harnessed advanced sciences
nanotechnology satellite communications
interdimensional transit I am taking
these tools from you why the Kryptonian
belongs to me
and soon the Krypton yo will your planet
wouldn't it be funny if they were
pronouncing it wrong the whole time
because nobody really do
Brainiac whose route of time is the only
one saying about Krypton do tiny and I
want the Kryptonian what we've been
calling Kryptonian why he's from Krypton
the Kryptonian when Superman's know I
only saw it in prints on my ship oh I
just so what do we do here guys
for the Cripe Connie Cripe Tom crypto
that's what that's what it is great I
want the crime Tom Ian the Kryptonian
from Krypton what gripe ton no you're
missing the W it's actually Cripe town
that was a misprint on the manual on
Clark's it's a quirk of the script
Cripe Ptolemy and dialect that there is
a non silent invisible w yes in the
middle of the word Cripe town is not
well known for its linguistic abilities
why are you guys all looking at me weird
I was on crime town oh look at this one
look at that this is an even uglier
Wonder Woman outfit
what was what was the Marlon Brando
pronunciation I don't remember
someone someone saying is oh oh they
went with the Marlon Brando
pronunciation is he the first one to
pronounce it Krypton
you're wearing the suit am I in trouble
again
Brainiac what can you tell me
how do you know that name you're afraid
of him he's invading he says you belong
to him
Brainiac can kill my parents you never
mentioned that before how do I beat him
you can't not without me yep I'll find a
way this is my fight Bruce
Brando said Krypton culture fist says
here are some superhero names that made
up sticky man green boy frog guy the
human muffin now you try
I like I like sticky man I stick to
things
man you got you got nothing on the tick
culture fest yeah you got nothing on the
tick feral boy the human carpet the
human foot no not the human bullet fire
me boy fire boy Barney boy let's just
say people here on thrilled to live in
close quarters with the flash convicted
regime criminal pardoned regime criminal
give it time come around
flash who is that guy I don't know who
this one is because everyone looks so
ugly I can't tell who they're supposed
to do I'll presume the flash has a pity
he's got all sorts of biddies my pardon
agreement was pretty clear on no powers
do you think that matters when aliens
are invading you help tear down the
regime Barry that's why mr. Wayne asked
me to take you on
and if Batman thinks you earned a second
chance who are you to argue
cramp cramp I haven't run in a while
cramp oh shit oh Jesus Christ
five me boys great fire my boy is great
let's shave a little bit faster I'm not
gonna lie that should have been a little
bit faster what do you mean as predicted
Barry Allen has returned to action is
ready you know that's right really
Gorilla Grodd is a flash villain how are
you how are you able to see that oh and
the flash is out of the game all right
bye
for God's sake cold look around yeah
crazy day
kind of like when Superman with nuts and
you went right along with him honest me
later fair we have the hell day that you
killed a lot of people same innocent
people who cheered Superman when he
executed my friends my sister
I'm sorry Colt but you never hurt
civilians you're better than that once
upon a time I was
hey I understand the comics what's
what's what's someone called Captain
Cold gonna do against the flash
what's anybody gonna do against the
flash right Captain Cold uses his cold
powers to slow him down you can outrun
the cold beams
he's the flash you would think yes but
apparently that is not always the case
hey like look I get so cold yeah also
yeah I'm not reading the comic so I
don't get this but as as we know the
Batman is going to have a temporary
marriage to Catwoman yes correct
of course here's the thing I was reading
a little bit about this it sounds like
Batman is marrying Catwoman rather than
Bruce Wayne marrying Selina Kyle
weight sales oh it sounds like the
costumed identities of the identities
that are getting hitched
but Batman can't sign a legal contract
as far as I'm aware cuz the Joker is
trying to get an invitation to the
wedding
uh-huh and Superman is going to be the
best man wait Superman not Clark Kent
yes so they're doing
unless I've read things wrong it sounds
like they're doing the wedding in
costume which is the silliest fucking
thing I've ever heard
that's it
that's the silliest thing I've heard yes
absolutely
Bruce Wayne is not marrying Selina
officially it's just symbolic kinda
so wait is Batman symbolically marrying
Catwoman and what's the symbolism for I
don't know I don't care I reading that
shit 10 years ago we will first we need
to get back to Gotham if there's
anything left of it
the costumes are getting married right
might as well be bad
what's with you Lawton you should be
fighting this invasion got no choice
drop Fernando exposing my head listening
stabbing himself to stab the flash yep
but now you're horribly stabbed and and
the flash has got shot in the knee so I
don't know what the fuck
the flash is super healing power so it
doesn't really matter it's all fine they
get to fight it's it's fine it's fine
yeah it's fun to laugh you know the
comics have a bit of an absurdity to
them of course
yes I know Batman's marrying Catwoman
not in costume and cuz it's the in
costume part that's really dumb if it
really is that easy super
these are super rich you stop reading
ten years ago five years ago
update your can responses a number of
years ago when was when was one more day
when was that Oh God so long ago
use your super
I need your super
oh you look ran out of your super okay
so my canned responses have been wrong
it'll officially be 10 years in a couple
months oh there you go yeah Flash's
super is pretty neat you go you go back
in time and knock him into a past
version of himself in the fight
that's fun I know it's just business
quite possibly the laziest supervillain
look the only thing you could do with
flash feelings that make senses there as
fast as he is oh right that's the only
thing you can do that makes any kind of
sense but his name is literally reverse
flash didn't they change the professor
zoom at some point no that is a separate
villain that's what what zoom is a
separate villain than reverse the
blaster zoom was reverse flash well zoom
is a phrase a separate villain I don't
know if professor zoom ins but zoom is a
separate villain from an alternate
timeline
how is this different from bizarro these
at least got the weird everything is
opposite gimmick yeah it's not that
different
oh yeah bizarro has a bit of a
personality
zoom is reverse-flash who is professor
zoom what Zack is right and wrong
reverse-flash and professor zoom are the
same zoom is another villain
Wow that's kind of neat he got punched
so fast that he's still getting hit yeah
after punching this that's kind of neat
local men can't figure out comic-book
law say men can't figure out comic book
more yep and you know comic book lore is
pretty fucked up man
to be fair to us
he really should have gone back in time
to pretend of the Joker from causing
Superman the bullet metropolis that
would have been nice but he's done that
before and has had disastrous results
how does he do the same thing he tries
not to go back in time too much because
you know that like tends to lead to
disasters today nice to see you too
Barry who's dead hand you pry that ring
from you no it doesn't work that way the
ring chose me even after you bailed on
the guardians to join the Sinestro Corps
the Guardians locked me up
but they also trained me to overcome my
fears I earned the second chance they
gave me Guardians made a mistake Oh
so the obligatory the heroes fight each
other yep yeah because it's more fun
that way teach had the problem with
comic book Lawrence is that it only
takes a bad writer to fuck up that
character's continuity forever forever
you do something with us to do something
stupid with a character that shit's
there forever you feel like do you super
Dee
how's that you're super dude you're
super you got it or until they do a
reboot and then you're not sure what
happened and what didn't happen right
I'm gonna get to see your superpower
well I think of what if Comics Marvel
has their fun and they're very
specifically not in continuity so
they're safely ignored yeah I told you
I'm trying to make things right I
betrayed my core my planet and my
friends that's the worst part you could
have said this before we fought each
other but hey that's fine trust yes
we're both on that path we have a long
way to go but they can also just ignore
it a bunch of writers ignored Quentin
Kaplan baby Gwen Stacy in the Goblin
babies you know there's just so much you
can ignore and still bring up new
material like if you want new material
you that's it that's a minefield right
like choosing what you ignore I get why
you don't trust me but you should trust
the Guardians this ring means something
they put me through hell to get it back
fine I've got my orders just thought
it'd help if we cooperate Lantern me I
can widen my circle of trust I guess we
could use a super-powered space car fine
fine they only send one Lantern to stop
this genocide I'm sure there are
genocide all maniacs on a lot of planets
at the moment yeah the universe is a big
place full of genocide Albania yes
that's why there's the Green Lantern
Corps my marine and so this is his job
he's gotta stop didn't wanna maniac
that's that's messing with his
neighborhood right the next time my
people's blood is spilled it will be for
Atlantis not the surface is that um
you're one of us what's his name Lamarr
my father Lamarr Burton levar but the
barber used to ignore dentists not LeVar
Burton I don't trust you Jordan you're
any surface dweller now leave
what's his mind Batman Steve Phil Lamarr
thank you Phil Lamarr yeah Kevin Connery
voice um Godwin soon defend itself
no Aquaman is Phil Lamarr maybe sooner
than you think
he totally sounds like Kevin Conroy
other go I don't need your distraction
no oh that's definitely
turning evil already not leaving need I
remind you whose kingdom this is so uh
what is he there's a ton of voices like
on Futurama yeah that's you think they
could I asked him to some different from
Batman ever though everyone kind of
sounds the same like whoever's doing
this Green Lantern voice it sounds like
he's doing eight of the voices so
Adrian says you guys are the best but
you already knew that especially rich
he definitely already knew that hey Jack
are you into funk music at all if you
are check out both Peck my favorite song
is Christmas in LA thanks for the
awesome content love you guys thank you
I you know I've listened to some
parliament-funkadelic in my days some
p-funk all-stars but uh I don't know if
I could ever say that I'm a fan of fun
just because I don't listen to a ton of
it
come on hit me hit me
shit me ask you
what did he do last one did he like
first shark it yes I miss him or did you
this time
I don't know yeah he hasn't gotten his
soup yet okay and I don't know if he'll
if he will listen to reason Arthur I'm
sorry I didn't come here to fight you
that voice actor he does - Todd whoever
is doing the green work I recognize that
voice and literally like every part -
never I'm trying to remember his name
chat who does the voice of Green Lantern
in this because he is everywhere Steve
Blum Steve Blum
they're your oceans but it's also my
sector let me help you
he's in everything
cover me
I guess they're I guess they're all in
everything like this going right all the
voice actor yeah just like yeah yeah
they're from everything
tee shots thanks for the tip I'm just
choosing that to address that right this
moment but thank you I thought the only
regime are down here to torture would be
Aquaman Jeter let's not beat around the
bush Wonder Woman's in hiding maybe down
here tell me where's your Amazon friend
didn't you hear i unfriended her
nope okay
super punch know you'd ones as the Star
Trek example from before wasn't about
Star Trek but about influence of
politics and all media example how the
decay of the USSR created books like
Solaris and roadside picnic
aka stalker okay I mean I don't have
much to add on it yeah like what what's
are you saying that current events
helped shape art yes and that's really
all I have to add right that's the thing
that happens
I want her to use their super to do is
it
don't use it now I'm gonna die
too wild for you you asked for it
yep am I gonna get my ass handed Rincon
like cheetah is Wonder Woman's primary
villain that big cat lady I don't know
he sees weird yo oh shit she didn't even
do her super move DC's really weird was
it was cheetah an original Wonder Woman
villain I wonder I know you don't know
rich and you know like was it just
because like they had such a lack of
female villains that they're like ah and
she's a cat cat girl cat girl
different than a cat woman from Batman
different very different
yeah do it that's acceptable yeah I'm
okay with that
the goddess of the hunt some it is she
like old school God - well I'm fine with
Wonder Woman's primary villain being a
cheetah whoa uh-huh
I don't nothing about the character she
might be a super awesome character I
suppose that's true
I mean she's awesome enough to kick my
ass
are there a lot of like does wonder one
have just like a lot of mythological
fiend villains that I just don't know
about I would assume the answer to that
is yes like you would presume reduce of
Wonder Woman having villain Medusa yes I
would presume Medusa would be a
fantastic Wonder Woman Brown I would
assume that yes but is Medusa wrong
mythology but is what is Wonder Woman
Greek yeah is Medusa group yeah okay oh
I don't know nothing Marvel stove stole
Medusa first well it's like Thor though
you can't copyright a mythological
creature it's that's public domain right
I want to say both comics have a
Hercules right yeah yeah DC can have a
thorn if they want it just can't
resemble Marvel's specific version of
Thor
right so DC could easily do their own
version of a Medusa
Wow really really diving into that bein
breaks things thing huh there is a DC
Medusa is she like a major-league
Wonder Woman Philip you would assume so
help Bane but I was punching what damn
it he'll keep missing to do stupid shit
okay so there is a major Wonder Woman
villain Medusa oh that's great I would
assume so
why is cheetah the only one the public
ever hears about she's hot I don't know
I'm I'm going to blame the people who
make these cartoons and games and
whatnot for only ever using cheetah sure
Cheeta was on the the Justice friends
right yeah for the super fresh yes yeah
I hit him with it
fucking hell
hit him with the thing
good miss a tip here fuckin fuck fuck
fucking hell fucking hell yeah
anonymous says yep that's it sam raimi
or simply me I would say it wrong all
the time play sam raimi or sam ready I
always say Raimi yeah so I don't know if
I'm saying it right I've always said
Remy and I could be easily be wrong but
I say things wrong all the time
I acai say Raimi I don't know if that is
correct
okay this spider-man movies are marred
by the fact that I cannot stand Kirsten
Dunst as Mary Jane she is annoying and
just there to be saved the one thing
I'll give the amazing spider-man movies
is that I bought the chemistry between
Glenn and Peter I don't know they had
much chemistry this Peter Parker in
those movies is a fucking mannequin
mm-hmm
the one was pretty good funny thing
about Kirsten Dunst as Mary Jane is
really they called her Mary Jane but she
felt more like a Gwen Stacy type to me
hmm didn't feel she didn't feel much
like Mary Jane from the comics
in fact I remember some got an interview
a little bit said they give her some old
spider-man comic books to read yeah done
so she said I thought I was playing the
blonde one
yeah that would actually make it ton
more sense come on what's the difference
Gwen Stacy's very much a boring girl
next door and Mary Jane Watson was kind
of a bitchy party girl but ultimately
the more interesting character yeah I
don't I don't know house moves I don't
know the good hal moves Mary Jane is a
fiery redhead yes she's boring Gwen
Stacy's boring it's wedding killer that
is why that is why they killed him the
writers realized all all she was doing
is here she was crying about things I'm
sad you know and she was a dull
character and she was a drain on the bun
so they
we got
I feel like I finally got him on the
ropes here this could just be the game
like seeing that I lost twice though and
just saying like yeah I'm trying to
think I'm trying to think of Gwen
Stacy's that well Gwen Stacy was
interesting in the fact that her dad
captain Stacy was it was a was a
believer in spider-man right he was a
police captain who actually knew I
actually didn't think they would build
that until they killed them off and he
knew that Peter was spider-man right
right well and with all the cops against
spider-man there was like the one cop I
was on his side or happen to be Gwen
Stacy's dad yeah so then they killed him
off right but what I'm saying is there
was a little sure a little more than MJ
somewhere else where's this leave us you
put yourself at risk for Atlantis maybe
you can be trusted so you're in
I can't I belong here defending my
people
instead of killing her off couldn't they
write her interesting like they could
have it's just not what they chose to do
what
he's a cat
Atrocitus indexed our agents of
vengeance powered by rage with a party
once they see I hate saying okay at
least at least the original like that
kind of interesting yeah but the
characters probably that's not a
terrible thing to say I mean this makes
me feel dirty saying even though she's a
fictional character well but who the
guilt of her death probably had more
value to the comments of living when
Stacey did I was gonna say isn't Uncle
Ben more valuable dead yeah so oh my god
they're just puking
I can't
they have magic angering the Red
Lanterns no shall escape my sight let
those who worship
beware my power Green Lantern's light
you're right I do hate myself for what
I've done but my will is stronger than
my hate as will an emotion

[Part II]
as will an emotion haha will yeah you
know doesn't make any sense
nebulous that's I'm feeling very real
today I'm feeling very will today
she used to restrain anger that doesn't
make it an emotion you can use will to
restrain emotions sure but that does not
make it an emotion
an emotion is the thing you feel will
will is the thing you exert ruega see
what his super is
who said it's an emotion in the first
place of the Green Lantern comics I
believe don't they call the the Green
Lantern rings the colors the emotional
spectrum if you don't know I could just
seriously misunderstand Green Lantern
more anything's possible written by red
guy and the capped by red guy and cat
the beta phase is complete Earth's
defenses irreversibly compromised begin
the countdown
apparently because green is the middle
color it gets to not be an emotion
all right comics okay oh how about this
that's fine
ready here's my bullshit reasoning which
I'm guessing is in the comics somewhere
yeah that's why the other guys are bad
is because their only emotion you see
anger and vengeance that's only emotion
and will is trying to control the ocean
that's what the ocean of emotion and
that's whether the space cops you see
okay that's what I'm saying
okay that's the thing that I just made
up two seconds ago so I'm sure that's
comic lore of summer because that's how
a comics work if someone makes it up
Green equal envy I believe I pick up
shit through osmosis I really do it up I
believe envy and the Green Lantern ring
color is orange being positioned over
these major cities usually that's yeah
usually that's green but but they can't
they couldn't do that because it's
already will yes the usual green
emotions are green envy and leprechauns
the three major green emotions Oh God we
could turn Green Lantern comic book lore
into our own like homeopathy styles
alternative medicine remedies of course
we could well so people like color
charts look at this color when you're
feeling this way no no you can't sell
them colored charts because then they
would only need to buy the one chart
okay you need to sell them something
that it has to be replenished so they
can keep buying true that's true
get it together rich and so what we do
is we buy a jug of Aquafina water or
whatever right put the smallest amount
of green food coloring in it clothing
that's just the right shade it's a very
specific calibrated shade special dyes
need to be made to get your clothing the
right shade of blue that's not bad
that's not bad but then once they buy
the clothing then they don't have to buy
more clothes clothing wears out not as
much as medication medication oh yeah I
get a little bit oh and it is
frightening
more so like the YouTube videos of
people who actually think it's real and
like you know have their products for
sale it's like
but so like that's the genius part of
medication is whoa oh here's what we
need rich I got it yeah color audio
therapy okay what LR do care what it is
is you can subscribe to our monthly
podcast which we transmit color therapy
through your radio the frequency of the
go see though it's the very specific
frequency of this white noise or this
blue noise or this green noise will help
alleviate your pains and we'll have a
fresh but you but it wears out your body
develops an immunity to it so every
month we need to make a new podcast okay
but it but on our end rich it'll just be
the exact same noise tone over and over
again oh well right up we'll write up
some bullshit like we've adjusted the
frequency right now we have to we have
to custom-make it's to whatever their
individual illness it's whether you have
a general wellness sure I'm cast every
week okay that's just general what these
are this is generally healthy for you
these particular lawyers but whatever
whatever specific problem you have you
write to us and tell us what's wrong
with you and then we'll take your
information yes and whatever your sign
is your astrological sign uh-huh and
then we can do the computations and then
we'll send you a mp3 for your specific
ailment rich and I have have a combined
twenty years experience in audio
engineering
and so we can custom tailor color sound
remedies we need a better a better name
for the colour zone
yeah stereo graph stereo chronometer
stereo stereo chronometer Siri acronym
Xterra economics perfect
perfect stereo chronometer welcome to
the to the clinic with clinical stereo
economics clinical stereo economics see
podcast be called the green room staring
stereo economics for welcome to this
week's episode our special frequencies
this week are tailored towards and me
doing stuff like that if you're feeling
very anxious listen to the entire hour I
can hear the color you guys have us out
for free because you're beta testers
you're welcome
I want to hit you hard this whole idea
is making me tense well if you send us
your information and let you know that
the $200 processing fee we can send you
an audio chronometer odd cast to solve
that problem for you and whatever you
need whatever you need we're here at
we're here to help you
we are licensed audio audio Pathak not
to not to steal pathy but you know
that's just a nice that's a nice way to
say it rich and I are licensed audio
tactic remedy audio passage remedy sell
people prisms hmm
it's all prisons you hang it over your
bed but you got to shine the special
light into the prism over you white you
sleep
sure it's supplemental oh oh you missed
zinc
maybe I really am a badass therapeutics
for knotek's and knowledge Asst hoho you
wins the fuck is Blue Beetle a DC
spider-man I kind of he's got he's got
an interesting storylines well yeah I
think so
you know it's it basically he's DC
spider-man where he's a kid who who
finds this alien technology the Blue
Beetle suit mm-hm and you know wants to
becoming hero but he's a kid right yeah
but there was a really neat storyline
with him where as it turns out the Blue
Beetle suit was the was a precursor to
the alien invasion
okay the alien species that that houses
the suit you see sends one suit in ahead
of time to to become a hero on that
planet to weaken the planet's defenses
wait they send a suit to weaken the
plants defenses well you know beat it to
it to to make a hero of the planet so
then you know the hero can do whatever
they want and the hero is just gonna
weaken the planet's defenses no the the
hero is gonna be trusted and so then
they can hit me with your super this
seems unnecessarily convoluted well if
it's comic books of course it is the
sound stuff was bordering on Scientology
oh yeah you know religions with a real
money will start any way we can get
regular donations from people rich you
know religion has it because they get
weekly donations right you come to
church you give a little money right
yeah every single week yeah you're
giving people an excuse to come in come
on hit me with your super yeah tax free
to shit
Audio audio acronym X is up is that what
we're going with stereo stereo stereo
chronometer stereo stereo acronym X oh
it's Terry economics yeah come on hit me
with your super-dee do Scientology is
more of a cult than a religion there's
not much difference and you know what I
think more people nowadays are skeptical
of any soup of any religious affiliation
than they are of quackery
people love quack medicine that's just
the trend I think that well yeah and you
know like if we're gonna future-proof
this enterprise quack medicine will
never go away
okay wait how do you know who she is
that's a great question rich
she's been hidden away this infant all
right all right you and I left Krypton
at the same time but the explosion threw
my ship off course
way of course you have an age today
hypersleep while you were growing up I
was on ice
I never thought I'd see family again
someone with my eyes didn't think
general audience were too stupid to
accept all tivities so much what do you
mean relativity why she has no age how
long five minutes I think that that just
requires another chunk of exposition
that they're like hypersleep okay you
know okay everyone knows what hypersleep
is that's in everything that's a sci-fi
trope at this point so it's just easier
to explain come on bats County
that's the worst part of quack medicine
appraised on the most desperate that's
true it's true and it sets up a regular
you know it's it's a little bit of money
every month and then you need this quack
medicine and you know it's not working
because you haven't paid enough didn't
it
sorry so she just paid a little bit more
you can get the really good crack
medicine then Andy Kaufman died shortly
after going through a psychic surgeon
wow that was well that was back in the
day when whatever disease he had was
fatal
so who knows where he went banner or you
know how good he wouldn't go many
generators we need to reactivate that
console before Superman powers up damage
I was over rookies
I will try fire strong I want cyborg
how was the folks I party for the four
Titans you had a cannon army do that
never thought I'd be a prison guard QB
that was a long time ago and I'm not you
know what I actually don't mind cyborgs
outfit no no this embed like cyborg and
even even firestorm who's you know kind
of a weird character as is but these
outfits aren't bad I guess it flashes up
it wasn't that bad either
oh yeah oh he had like shoulder pads
reverse-flash did I don't think regular
flash do down three says subjective
flash yeah I find he is one of my
favorite wish fulfillment heroes because
his powers are the best
but if villains and stories are lame so
end up not reading his stories also Jack
do you remember you can punch people
through the side of the maps oh I didn't
remember that thank you for reminding
come on cyborg soupy soupy
oh you missed you missed dink don't
remember how to punch people through the
side of that
if I have to do one of those punches
I just flat-out don't get this don't get
what
captain president says hey guys hi say
what do Shrek and someone's suffering
from bulimia heaven coming
they both subscribe to the notion better
out than in
nobody's cheering for you now I get him
with the bulimic I don't I don't get it
with Shrek and Shrek and in the Shrek
movie there's a line where he belches
were used heavily and better option okay
okay that's a that's a lame joke there's
a lot of setup to that sorry I don't
remember that Shrek says that about
burps
thank you for trying though hey forever
I guess
please try again frankincense hello rich
and Jack my no oxygen run went
flawlessly MFT I beat the cruiser with
only two lattice crew members Oh black
gum two helper beam ion blaster and pre
igniter for the wimps thank you for
introducing me to FTL welcome very
welcome
yeah it's hard part about wanting at all
lanius crew yeah it's finding all ideas
you don't get that many starter sure
sure and you really don't want to be
taking anybody else if you have Atlantis
if you have a lantus ship yeah
depriving that ship of oxygen frequently
sorry car nope nope nope look at
Supergirl I'd be running scared to write
that David you know people says hey rich
and Jax hi you guys should play
injustice - hey now is the perfect time
because you're already playing it
excellent thanks my dudes and fuck my
pennies hole welcome
now I just broke you up
really that's a great move
he's you're super oh you don't have it :
now use it there would that kill me
maybe then don't use it
guess you belong how does Supergirl know
what a noob is she's been hanging out
she's been hanging out in the desert
with Wonder Woman yes a mine and and the
kid in the robot suit doesn't know what
a newb is that was the joke I guess it's
fine it's fine it's not the first bad
one-liner yeah
you're gonna do this it's the only way
no please Superman go wait
wait you're storing Superman in
Metropolis
to be fair like that's you know that
would be the easiest place to build all
the Superjail and whatnot mm-hmm but of
course shut up
dink you can't beat Brainiac Bruce I
can't
why you making this turn back in this is
your situation is so desperate yeah yeah
okay so I was correct you're ready to
stop Brainiac by any means necessary
by the memes at hand what's your game
you're always three moves ahead saving
the world is enough for now I'm never
going back in that cell I think you can
like did I don't know if you're paying
attention earlier but firestorm
apparently has the power to create
kryptonite with his bare hands so I'm
gonna say it's gonna be really easy to
get Superman back in his cell as long as
you can get firestorm anywhere near him
right I suppose yes why was this ever a
problem if you have firestorm around to
make firestorm on your team at all times
just like so what is what does that mean
you need to explain Grodd pretty damn
smart I suppose I just don't he's
psychic I don't know how smart he is
thanks to flashes recon we have
locations for every ship in brainiacs
fleet
they're targeting major cities on every
continent give us some privacy
listen that man about the prison
we was reckless don't pull a stunt like
that again
make up for it by finishing another
mission discreetly we have to evacuate
these cities before attacking the fleet
but we need communications restored
first so before we get started
cyborgs going to fix brother I I am not
that tech support that's not the issue
Victor oh my god he has a little helmet
thing look at this helmet thing
destroyed Krypton she says we have less
than 48 hours before he does the same to
work without tight coordination why
would anyone think that looks good to be
fair I like super girls outfit it's not
the worst but look at his he has like a
it looks like he's wearing a knight year
like war that you wear for it when you
have your dentist like a retainer it
looks like he's wearing the bottom half
of a helmet that is only there to hold
the top half on that was all Fortress of
Solitude it's like it's like metal
codpiece and his armor look and the ones
that go I like out like this to make him
look chubby
let's go
with me yeah like Cara's isn't the worst
she has that weird the the golden belts
thing that actually goes under her butt
which I don't know if I understand but
why'd you keep it keep what
whoa
I know the Pope Tom
hmm forgot that was there you know I've
gotten so used to all the dumb Batman
armor I'm gonna be fine with it
yeah but Superman what why does he need
armor he's Superman
no look I know I know
it's like it's like he broke his jaw and
he has to hold it in place I'm ready to
flood crime I also need to drink meat
through a smoothie I you know we've
gotten used to a lot of ugly outfits
during this live stream that that one
took the old cake er right there
some people like they just think
anything but spandex they can't stand it
so much no no okay with different looks
it's it's the same irrational hatred for
like the red trunks servos sure like
like Batman without the black trunks
looks so weird he's all gray
this time you'll be a good girl for Mama
don't underestimate her
good he's a robot well princess like
your bats gonna hurt him I know I know
we've we hurt too much on the
implausibility but you know what I don't
care yeah
well though they all have super pills in
this universe oh maybe that's the thing
they take Superman pills and it's fine
right
Wow throw that I want to throw that
thing at her oh shit
slamming and baman says slamming of
ammon you guys haven't played it I
highly recommend sleeping dogs GTA clone
or you play an undercover cop in China
and use martial arts and Arkham style
combat that's why I'm pretty sure I own
just like a lot of games haven't gotten
around to it
but thank you they don't have super
pills anymore it just doesn't make sense
yeah that's fine why wouldn't they have
the super pills anymore I think those
would be pretty popular can't they make
more things ran out no I like that they
ran out what the fuck are super pills oh
the reason that Batman can beat up
Superman in the last game as Batman was
taking super pills to make him strong
like Superman everyone who wasn't super
was taking super pac's
yes
confused by the story and they got a
team up to stop the Brainiac last time
they had to team up to stop bad Superman
now they got team up to stop Brainiac
and it's bad Superman is not good
Superman because Brainiac is here I
haven't been I've been I've been paying
zero attention to the details yeah you
don't need him are they better be
breathing bewitching guards late-night
poker mandatory shock therapy oh she
looks like someone who do they agree she
looks like a notable actress I didn't
ask for special treatment she looks like
Alyssa Milano she looks exactly waiting
to see her again exactly like Alyssa
Milano she looks a lot like her yes IV
looks done I think she's pretty or the
girl from orphan black yeah a little bit
like that she's she looks exactly like
Alyssa Milano that's it she loved you
I've never done a poison ivy one thing
Oh viral Elvira mistress of the dark
well I know who Elvira is but are they
saying Catwoman looks like no no I'm
talking about ivy stone oh I'm still not
100% sold on all this ammonia Emiliano
totally
meg tilly yeah Oh Meg Tilly than and
then listen milano Bride of Chucky yeah
meg tilly yeah I could see meg tilly I
think there's a lot of Melissa of Milano
in there too
nope
apparently I missed soup to do fail I
was really waiting for that soup to do
to kick in and apparently I totally
missed
I kind of want to see oh we already saw
this one dang I hope that doesn't kill
my it might I have to do this fight you
got a sick dude coming okay you you won
in the lamest way possible by by hitting
her with your ass after missing the kick
I mean you know I do what I can do what
I can't you sat on her head it hurt her
didn't it
you got a defibrillator in there yeah
use it
all right this is really nitpicky but
you know why they rub defibrillators
together because they put the goo on he
doesn't know he just see he's just seen
doctor shows yeah and he doesn't know
why she thinks you're supposed to do
that unless he also had like goo
dispensers in there Braniac collects the
best and discards the rest black canary
and arrow definitely not the best yeah
he's got goo dispensers I take them over
you
I did who did
you can explain to us now how you so
easily get out of Arkham Asylum all the
time is there there's like a hidden wall
and they're like oh yeah no one ever
figured out there's just this one wall
this is the door here yeah how do you
think we get in and out so easy wait
here make sure no one follows us i'm
seeing that jennifer Tilly more money
yeah yeah yeah
those facial animations are kind of
uncanny you know they're this quiet
yeah how about that
Bogey's and they're not bad
the increase in realism of games has
only gotten us to this place for people
bitch girl shit like that
yeah you know it's weird it's weird when
it looks weird grand theft auto vice
city you don't even have fucking moving
mouse on the box
uh-huh no well yes we've cut we've we
have higher standards now rich that's
how it works
sir kickin ass the chats talking about
how much of the Java Venus in this game
a jobber someone who loses to make
someone else look better oh oh yeah no
I'm I'm super sucking look I I think
I've hit Ben once
jobber is that a West Wing term yeah
yeah it's a fine term I've never heard
it jabber before III don't dislike it
they're superstars need to beat somebody
up right and so it's Ho Cogan versus
Jerry Jones who's gonna win right Jerry
Jones probably isn't gonna have a very
good showing against hold hold up right
but Hogan needs to fight the Undertaker
versus Bob Anthony and that would be a
job right
oh no I'm gonna miss oh I might have
cheese my way to a victory here why does
pain look like an Android because he's
wearing a shirt with armor ready to meet
brother I about damn time system still
running brother I needs a clean power
source something Brainiac can't touch
but Gabe's got backup generators that
should do it
someone has a secret admirer but you
guys consider this game to be good
introduction to hit fighting game genre
foreplay before I mean it's a fighting
game with lots of combos if you're a fan
of the DC Universe this could be the
game that makes you want to play you're
saying is you're not familiar enough
fighting games to be able to really rank
this in terms of other fighting games
right that is what I'm saying but I'm
also saying that wait
what liberated from my good looks and
charm - yeah one cyborg Catwoman can see
him
we need that back I thought it was like
a an energy thing in his head but I
guess what I'm saying is if you know
like if you're a fan of Nintendo
characters you're gonna want to play
Super Smash Brothers right because
that's the thing that's gonna get you
into fighting games I guess nobody who
knew the fuck any of the Mortal Kombat
characters world before Mortal Kombat
sure you know look at what's what's
being played competitively I guess no
you know there's a big street fighter
seen a pink
whoa whoa what I can grab a hook so
obviously the winner is going to be the
cyborg that doesn't care if you hit him
in the face uh-huh
who is graded did just the computer
parts of cyborgs apparently which is a
thing now I don't know if that is a
thing in the comics but here we are here
we are
you did it jack
that was an easy one that was not so
perfect smash is a very different kind
of fighting game that is true smashes
the is the sumo bass fighting game where
you want to knock your opponent out of
the ring
these are combo based fighting games
very different this and Street Fighter
and another fighting game that's all I
know
but this is cute if you're into comics
if you're into the DC Universe is cute
you know Marvel vs. Capcom those are fun
games I wasn't Catwoman helping him cuz
it was just something he had to do
because they don't have multiplayer
mechanic it's something I have to do oh
yes some data or warp the whole point of
the show is you work together as a crew
as a team or or is the captain you send
the person most qualified to get the job
done oh no I am definitely the most
qualified personally that means I'm
shepardize the entire Federation I mean
really the entire person universe Bruce
the comms are yours
brother I broadcast on the old justice
Brother eyes a horrible mane yes yes it
is that sounds like a blaxploitation
that's even lamer like Batman I guess he
was oblivious to that when he named the
fucking thing hey man that's a little
tone-deaf don't you think I mean people
really don't like Big Brother spying on
them what are you talking about I named
it after my favorite 70s detective films
brother I on Star Trek why does the
captain ever leave the ship to go on
missions just send underlings to do the
job watch Star Trek The Next Generation
he often does then or almost always
unless it was something like diplomatic
and he specifically needed to be there
right Kirk was a very different kind of
cab yeah and of course the show wasn't
fully fleshed out the Federation so Kirk
would often go Kirk's a little bit more
of a cowboy yeah these little more
hands-on but I suppose you could also
say the Federation it was a little more
cowboy ish back then as well because you
know they were just discovering planets
for the earth the original series
definitely a bit more space frontier
yeah
you know this is something I've talked
about this before in one of my favorite
Super Smash Brothers games where they
have long segments of its just being
kind of a brawler
I would love a section like this in here
to where it's like give me a little
side-scrolling brawler where I get to
practice some of my moves on some weaker
enemies and just go through a level and
and just be a beat'em up you know using
my super moves that would be awesome let
me use some of my super moves on really
weak enemies just to practice my moves
and feel like a badass for a little bit
I would like that
yes Wonder Woman can fly she's been able
to fly for a while Popeye what are you
doing Popeye
captain cold the reverse
your hearts so cold one let's put you on
ice wouldn't that be redundant if ur
heart so cold obviously that's just a
bad singer
you're so hot I better put you on ice
that aunt that just makes sense
dang Wonder Woman you're looking hot
I better put you on ice not snark fail
that's a snart fail because his name is
snart his name snart - snart
are you kidding no what's his a Viet
Leopold snart right someone someone give
me a give me a ruling on this NART press
r1 near the bar patron okay throw a
patron Adam oh I can't I can only throw
the one
thank you for whoever said that great
idea dude
Leonard snart that's his name that's
Captain colds name is Leonard snart oh
oh wait he's dead now
yeah cuz he's just a man Captain Cold is
oh I've seen Captain Cold is just a man
with a gun that's it okay
he's like mr. freeze without being cool
pretty much yeah
without the suit without the the cold
thing he just he just has a gun that
makes it really cold that's it
that's his only thing yeah barks all
yeah some anagram for something here
immortal but in my time Diana
oh the bar patron is back guess what
guess who's getting thrown oh but you
killed that bar patron yep twice now
thank
that mr. Freeze's only thing to it miss
freezed somehow manages to be cool he's
got the big suit
he's got the emotionally cold gimmick
going on
yeah the suits cool and the suit gives
them like super strength and stuff does
that captain cold is like mr. freeze but
not cool right that's a really correct
statement how do you think and yes that
does look like Marty McFly just hanging
out in the background the other bar
patron was totally Marty McFly check out
this bar patron
he just wanted a tab you gotta order
something to have its tab does Jack want
any clashes
I don't think Jack wants to I don't I
still don't necessarily understand the
clash system I don't need to give up
your super to do and whoever wagers more
of their supa dee doop gets like a
little help like you'd rather just use
the super-dee-duper you soon yes we will
Clark we don't have time for please miss
you that's not Clark
eat them cow Brainiac Batman they both
go down today and will rule side-by-side
as equals but not not in that helmet
okay clear
I turn to you when Lois died you took
advantage
what crazy that's not true my love made
you stronger
what you tell yourself
that's what Superman told me scarecrow
okay ask rescue Superman kind of
thoughts oh yeah I think there's a
little green mist before he showed uh-oh
your worst fear is becoming the villain
of this story
suck my chinstrap just awful anger
displacement
I like his I like his non monstrous
costume - I'm gonna be completely honest
with you I I bet that is a that's a
thing that you can choose with him write
his just regular doctor costume visually
this might be one of my favorite
scarecrows throwing that guy at your
enemies will never not be funny
have you seen the Scarecrow's super I
don't think so are you super super
do your super just keep lazily getting
them he's not gonna use it now he's
gonna waste the super Adria's oh he
wasted it all fuck that I think you just
don't know what he used
oh he didn't use anything all right
who's it
I think they liked I think they liked to
wait until you were in the red before
they use their super
oh wow that was neaten laughs he's like
it was like him and the doctor version
of him like ripped me in half that was
super cool but like it interrupted my
super-dee-duper unfortunately but that
was super neat over stop hitting him I
was just poking him a little bit
what every one of Steel URL
no wonder Brainiac what happened dad I
don't have moved over here for somewhere
else now she loved she lost to cheetah
is cheetah magic I don't know anything
about cheap I think she does magic
that's why she can hurt Supergirl since
that's that's a what though the only
weakness Kryptonians have is to magic
okay I know that that is the thing I
know hang in there
the gods will protect us no no magic in
nervous oh this is gonna be this is
gonna be Kristen Wiig she's playing a
Minerva so she must have to cheat on
faster which is taking place in the 80s
did you know that about the new Wonder
wrong it's like in the mid 80s
I'm fine with that
you know why doesn't the retcon the
whole DC Universe they would still keep
that he doesn't takes place before me
I'm steel nope that any original Wonder
Woman
yeah I don't know that's fine that's
still still fine time-traveling did Matt
a steal these - Wonder Woman movies they
definitely happen flashed at a
time-travel thing at a raced history
well he didn't go earlier than the
mid-80s so let's do Wonder Woman movies
definitely happened your coin says
weren't making game suggestions and I'd
recommend atom Zombie Smasher it's kind
of a modified tower defense game and he
can work together an increased
friendship friendship all right noted
I'm kept really tired these people she's
clearly stabbing to death not dying you
know it's it's one thing when they just
punching each other and throwing him
around but yeah she's like her sword is
going through their chest okay so I mean
I agree with you is what I'm saying mr.
Joshua TXS rich as a Cowboys fan I would
love to see Jerry Jones fight the fight
Hulk Hogan did I accidentally name a
real person when you said when I said
Jerry Jones I have no idea who the fuck
that is I have no idea who the fuck that
is unless they're just saying your
fictional generic wrestler Jerry Jones
fighting hos satisfies them as a cowboy
fan Oh is Jerry Jones of football I can
only assume they're a football player oh
he's a footballer cowboys owner okay
oh jesus oh Jesus Wonder Woman you're
losing too much blood
what do you think you're doing car
stopping you before you make a mistake
that lunatic deserves to die maybe but
she's defenseless she's had no trial
yeah I see like I don't mind her outfit
except for those golden things on her
thighs those are weird right some flare
it's weird yeah it's not as distracting
as a lot of the really ugly and giant
shoulder tabs okay yeah I'm with you
just gonna keep throwing up into the air
cheesed it so now we get to see her soup
dedupe right they're super fast and
strong and Gouda you would assume they'd
got into space at least at least a
couple times a day is this like the
nearer universe with people are evil
just because it's not really just
because I mean there's a whole thing you
have to see the first game yeah this
isn't just like it's the dark universe
so everyone who is good as evil the
Joker did something to cause Superman to
accidentally kill Lois Lane while also
detonating a nuclear bomb in Metropolis
yes and this caused Superman to go a
little bit nuts and Superman isn't
taking any shit and he just started
killing criminals and trying to take
over and government and according to
Bruce won't Wayne once you kill one bad
guy well I guess we'll kill him oh yeah
because you know what that's how that
works and some of the heroes wire to
join with Superman and they're either
you go right but this is all taking
place this is the important part in a
different dimension than our so in the
first game the heroes from our dimension
went over to this dimension to fight the
heroes from this dimension that went bad
which meant that they also teamed up
with villains from our dimension who our
heroes and that dimension like Harley
Quinn make sure that the defenses are
prepared
turned his magic Heights conduct from
prying eyes even brainiacs but I don't
expect them to be fooled forever
ha We Need to Talk give me a minute
both of you Damien told me what happened
is Diana all right she's fine but she
was gonna kill Harley I've never seen
her so cold-blooded
yes it's unfortunate I know how is she
thinking
it's unfortunate Diana chose now to deal
with Harley Morenstein
fucking dumbass we got to play the long
con here Clark like oh yeah that was bad
at Diana I'll talk to her later showing
your hand right away to someone who is
equal to your strength and power tell me
does the death penalty exists in comic
books they would make an exception for
the Joker even if it didn't right right
like legs seriously The Joker makes
absolutely no sense yeah like like you
know you know what wouldn't work for the
Joker the insanity it wouldn't work
right Jeffrey Dahmer fucking eight
people and he didn't get off on insanity
they put him in a regular prison right
right and he ate people though wasn't
there some wasn't there some shady
dealings where they wanted to put him in
a regular prison because they knew what
would happen to him in a regular prison
the Joker would be in the same boat that
Jeffrey Dahmer was in yes yeah
you know what I'm gonna get if Dahmer
got killed in the joint by inmates yeah
as would probably happen to the choker
well no cuz he's a manipulator or
whatever but what I'm what I'm saying is
there was at very least no prisoner
would be like hey you killed my cousin
with gas
Gotha oh yeah and then he would shank
the Joker and he could tons of cred for
shanking the Joker
yes absolutely
like the infamous serial killers
typically don't get off on insanity
right
and like obviously rich and I understand
just the straight-up logistics of all
this which is the Joker's a popular
character shouldn't ever ever get rid of
him
you don't think he'd have friends in the
joint okay the other thing that doesn't
make any sense about the Joker yeah is
that he would have henchmen who would
willingly follow him now now 1950s crime
Joker you would have henchmen but
modern-day I'm a psychopath who kills
people and I'm trying to prove that the
world is just crazy as I am
nobody's gonna follow him because
there's no cash in it right henchmen is
going to follow that Joker right right
all he wants to do is murder people yes
yes including his henchmen yes he would
not have entrant in the real world so no
there would be nobody in the joint on
his side right everything you told me
you see the world as a child does well
people joined Isis the Joker is not a
religion
unless that's the shtick well that's not
actually that's actually not a bad
ticker Ajoke or religion like I could
see I could see that as a what henchmen
don't follow cash they follow hopes of
cash what's what's the hope of cash of
in kidnapping Barbara Gordon to make
James Gordon go insane where's the cash
in that scheme where's the cash and
ruining Batman and Catwoman 'he's
wedding where's the cash in that
the Joker would have a very very hard
time fighting yes but I do I do like the
idea of him like recruiting like a cult
or religion would yeah that could work
but that kind of kind of what they did
in the the dark nights his followers
were a little little bit mental
maybe I guess I I didn't think about it
that much how am i doing that
I find power and restraints Cara please
listen to me
with our I'm Clark that suit I can't I
can't take anything you say seriously
it's just ridiculous just look too
ridiculous I know you've been in prison
for a long time but have you seen
yourself in a mirror
what I do over here
then you get a statue made of him and
Kara that I've seen that's Wonder Woman
blonde hair looks too short maybe that
was won over a couple years of this you
grow it out in a corner those are his
parents
okay that makes it that makes actually a
lot more sense
Oh whoopsie missed
I still say a well-written Superman
realizes the error of his ways and puts
himself in jail oh yeah yeah absolutely
he doesn't get to this point classic
Superman
once he's gotten over the grave he says
oh god what have I done
yep all right he does say oh god what
have I done because Superman kind of has
to be able you as a writer you need to
humble you need to find ways to make
Superman humble as a Kansas boy
yeah well make sense as a Kansas boy
yeah and I don't know I just want to
avoid be God comparisons with Superman
I'd be looking for ways to make him
humble
I was very close yeah I could I could I
mean you know
I know I know that Superman has godlike
powers I just I think it's important
that the character doesn't see himself
that way yeah where else it turns into
his AK sniper movie and then the trick
yes exactly we know how that works
spoiler alert very badly
I could see Mon Potkin raising him as a
good Christian kid
oh come on
why would Superman believe in a God from
Earth cuz he was raised in Kansas from
the time he was at infant he's a farm
boy
yeah
get him this time
fucking Cara get your shit together yeah
gonna cheesin yeah what if you could
have saved Krypton I think about it
every day
that's Stanley it's Brainiac
he's extracting the city's early then we
fight back
I must go to protect car doc go we're
heading to Metropolis what about her all
that matters now is stopping Brainiac
when this is over you need to choose
you're either with me or against Clark I
just kicked your ass
she was saying kal-el I suppose she
calls me cattleman
on this universe Superman grew up best
friends with Lex Luthor but Lex was good
right like just good I think no matter I
mean if it's the Superman we know I
think riches whoa this is the story ends
a lot like what was the arc where where
Batman killed Joker so Superman wouldn't
have to comment the time Batman killed
the Joker so Superman wouldn't had to
and then Batman turned himself in to
prison for murder I'm not sure that was
a comic book heck it might even have
been an injustice comic book for all I
know but that's 900 before I think it
was some kind of weird injustice that's
what's been off the good guy does that
that's what the good guy does what why
can't I stop this why won't you let me
fight back how could there be order of
Freddie AK wins
it's probably a big deal if you know you
got your faces
the others are tackling the fleet
shouldn't we be in Gotham Brainiac
controls the entire fleet from that
skull ship take him down take them all
down contacts dead ahead
eventually Batman gets out of prison and
attends Superman's daughter's graduation
or something yeah I'm sure
they gave us an opening
I just think that's a neat idea I always
like that the end of that comic is
really is really nice too because you
know Superman appreciates the gesture
that Batman made and like just casually
walks through the prison walls to give
Bruce a heart shattering everything to
give Bruce oh yeah and then yeah just
parks out like sorry
anybody know every stays in prison
before that's great you're welcome
fuck off what just tie the way that
makes her a face shield is creating a
concussive feedback loop so the harder
we hit it the harder it hits whoop
probably shouldn't listen to what you
guys are saying huh
gently use your heat vision that's not
concussive force complete the extraction
this is the helmet Bible man hath lets
you to fight back he doesn't
Kansas
did they get knocked all the way to
Kansas and as super as Superman gonna
see the farmhouse that he grew up on and
realized the error of his ways hell of a
coincidence
it's that ugly face
Superman the force shield concentrates
its energy at your point of attack move
faster than it can and you might break
through gun
honey
yeah moving faster than the feedback
that's clever decrease yield refresh
interval to 10 picoseconds
it's clever quietly I mean you know if
part of the whole Superman can do
whatever he wants anything he's he's the
strongest fast as fast as fast and super
fast faster than the flash but that's
cute it's it's it's a clever at least
face me Brainiac only a true person who
conquests us would fight me with his
fists and that's what the game ends you
can't have it unless you beat me with
your own bare hands bricks okay even
really think that's what's going to
happen yes yes I do
he taunts Brainiac and Brainiac wants to
punch him to death that's my that's my
official my official guess because it
has to end with you fighting Brainiac
right somehow
Batman why don't you just hacked the
ship
someone's gonna hack where's cyborg
cyborg was already able to defeat
Brainiac other how it happened with that
right and he defeated the hack and they
got their computer back he hacked the
the Brainiac what's he doing now that's
a great question he could really help
out here during the big battle I've seen
the ending of this game on the youtubes
so a long time ago now so I kind of know
what happens I'm not gonna spoil ship
for Jack now let me be snarky just in
case I'm right hope the flash showed up
wasn't years ago escaped injustice to
shortly ever it came out I ended up
watching some of the movies from it from
you
on YouTube sure I'll miss him too you
mean that he was a good friend once I
trusted him with my life
but the Joker got to him and I wasn't
there to stop it I lost my friend Clark
oh I've missed him ever since
meatball partay I didn't listen now we
all die together
no one's giving up yet anyone here from
beetle or firestorm this is your fault
Bruce Cal and I would have been at work
you should have followed our lead stop
it Diana
millions of people are trapped on that
ship we have to save them did you call
him just to gloat alright dude do you
know is that are the DLC fighters
incorporated to the story and so the
story at all I don't think so Oh cuz
that would be great
TMNT show up it's just like we need more
help just portals show up how boy TMNT
right like that's how we defeat Brainiac
we need some extra muscles pizza party
Cal Brandon brain echoes does not
compute oh I'm cut in half because I
don't have superpowers
oh Jesus Christ why is that guy moving
so fast you can do that I'm gonna
skateboard out of here
cowabunga try shorting them out but we
need to generate an insane amount of
power would have science is not the
answer
so he might be vulnerable to a magic
based attack I can drive the immense
magical power from the rock of eternity
through the gateway in conduct but I
need an artifact a medium to channel it
something that can withstand the power
how about the Trident of Atlantis yes
the dwarf we get the shields down Ben
what cyborg said Brainiac controls the
ship with his thoughts but I did cut him
off and brother I its power okay I'll
make a signal disrupted they blow the
alchemy okay I'm gonna do all the things
we asked where they weren't doing all
right
this all makes logical sense
get to your magic land to do your magic
hooptie goop will stay here and punch
him design seems quite a bit cooler than
what they went with for the movies yes
yes though to be fair cyborg is
something that's incredibly difficult to
do live-action I mean that's that's that
realm of weirdness where once see it
once you hit live-action then you get
Bible moans goofy yeah anytime you do
any sort of prosthetic so how do you
still have science in a world where
everyone knows about magic look before
before it was studied and understood
I'm sure electricity was seen as being
magic the thing is if magic exists it's
it's a part of the natural world science
just doesn't understand it yet it has
rules and laws we don't yet know what's
the earth there's the same saying about
yeah significantly advanced looks like
magic
I will give you know soldiers bring me
that sample before the earth is
destroyed and your loyalty will be
rewarded
any significantly advanced technology is
indistinguishable from magic time arthur
c clarke
mm-hmm it was one of the big sci-fi guys
yeah Arthur's Seat cleric or Asimov or
Bradbury one of them what it what
they've been reprogrammed
she looks significantly dirtier now as
neat
now that's the materialist view of
science though magic can change every
equation known to science and the
fundamentals don't work anymore
science science has the ability to grow
and change based on new knowledge
yes just because it messes with the
rules as we understand them now doesn't
mean that the rules can change once we
understand them differently by the way
you want to see something funny so in in
this game everyone has a be move which
you know like gives them special powers
like canary can do her scream mhm yeah
Green Lanterns he gets the green glow
which makes it more powerful you know
what Aquaman can do yeah
get wet that's it
raw shark enter throw a shark at her
yeah
so science should necessarily
incorporate magic doom was right science
is the search for truth not let the
assert a ssin that this or that is true
like gravity is works like this science
is just how you figure that out it's a
method it's um right well what happens
if we experiment I think this works that
way let's experiment right in fact
gravity is a great example of that
because our basic understanding of
gravity has changed over the course of
the last hundred years what once you
know that magic exists and it can
rewrite some of the rules we've already
figured out then you figure out well how
does that work then you figure out the
rules to rewriting the rules right it's
all the same shit yo well how does that
rewrite the rules interesting yeah I
think it works like this let's do an
experiment
science is the pentagram on the floor
necessary we'll only a control group
without the pentagram okay and we need
one pentagram written in virgins blood
of course one with non-virgins blood and
then let's go from you know this one
this pentagram is just made with
ordinary table salt right so let's go
from up here variate virgins blood to a
total Horrors blood just someone who's
fucked a whole lot and let's see if that
changes it at all
it doesn't rewrite the rules it allows
us to understand the rules that are
there already know we're talking about
magic if magic can like rewrite the
rules of the the laws of the universe as
we know them that means there's some
kind of deeper laws going on that magic
that magic operates under mm-hmm and
science would just try to figure that
out
presuming magic was a thing
which I don't
please his magic word Kazan no I don't
know
except swated his Shazam no that's
that's black Adam unless he just fought
Shazam when I wasn't looking
no it's black Adam but it sounded like
he said Kazaam instead of Shazam because
Shazam is Shazam
that's that Shazam's magic right black
Adam would have a different magic sorry
so no I said like so his magic word
would be Kazaam which scarabs hard to
kill Batman told me you guys needed a
hand considering your psychic calm at
all
Billy Batson died in the first injustice
scam possibly
yes sir men grabbed his head me give me
the laser beam directly into his eyes
and fried his brain oh yeah maybe yeah
how does this work exactly
we imbue your Trident with a spark of
the rocks power we might is released it
will seek out your weapon your thoughts
will guide the Wizards power to its
final targets I am ready Tarzan just
spider-man in the jungle actually
spider-man is Tarzan in the city if
we're gonna get technical yeah Tarzan
was around for quite a bit longer how
late are we streaming tonight how close
are we to the end
this is wasted
how do clashes work in this are you just
sampling HP or a free combo or something
you're gambling your super-dee-duper
possible HP your super meter yeah so
your super meter you know when you can
do this super awesome move
whoever Gamble's the most you know
knocks down your enemy and you've gained
HP somebody's saying we're about three
quarters
we might have to finish this another
night
we don't wanna go I know it's it's nine
twenty foot and we started at a little
before six yeah
double wasted it because the dick was
blocking there's no Sookie do feelings
go suck yeah I'll just get wet ready and
get wet get wet
come on Aquaman ready and go I'm wet now
next two stronger anglers coursera says
I know you guys aren't into fanfic but
regarding science vs. magic there's an
awesome Harry Potter fanfic where Harry
was raised by a University's compressor
and is determined to understand how
magic works using the scientific method
see why do you even have to make that
Harry Potter since we ever wrote it was
a fan of Harry Potter yeah I guess you
can invent your own new character and
that can still be an interesting thing
yeah you could you could have Fifty
Shades of Grey and then you can sell it
yeah it's like fifty Shades of Grey
which started out I started its life as
a Twilight fanfic huh and then they
whatever her name is just change some
names and it turned into a best-selling
now she's a millionaire yep
so do the same thing
just change the name right like I'm
gonna fight it's Aquaman I want to send
I want to send Gorilla Grodd beat by the
big fish not awesome cringy is fuck
written by smug assholes for people who
don't know science okay look I haven't
read it
just as a concept somebody using science
to try to understand magic in a world
where magic exists yeah it sounds like a
neat premise me premise
maybe they didn't do it justice you
could I don't know to be famous
you know I'd actually you know we've
been news there's been a lot of bad
outfits
I don't hate Aquaman's outfit in this
I'll be honest with you even has a weird
spiky arm thing I just don't hate it
yeah get eaten Bible you wanted it's all
you wanted feed you to my big fish yeah
suck it Grodd
oh shit Alan's been running away running
away running away
don't really like Aquaman and just like
that shark yep exactly
look at Aquaman he's got away but you
know you can do make a shark eat people
even with tats even with tats although
like I don't hate his outfit here I
guess Aquaman is just ridiculous enough
on a base level that if he has a
ridiculous outfit it doesn't make it
much worse you know oh no we weren't
killing Aquaman
Ironman Fah
dr. Dre strange explain magic as
anything else weird being explained by
science you don't understand they had a
they had a whole deal with that in a
Thor the dark world where Jane Foster
you know went to Asgard yeah and was
just like oh what's this what's this and
you know they they had the whole it's
not magic its science and you don't get
yet you dummy
yeah so yeah I got things and even even
in Doctor Strange have you seen Doctor
Strange it's fine I just wanna I just
want to know you know how much of this I
should include with you in the
conversation but even in Doctor Strange
the ancient one kind of has a little
spiel about our understanding of our
place in the universe and how medicine
has grown with our understanding and you
know what you perceived was magic is
just you know a greater understanding so
yeah even dr. strange has a whole shoot
to do which science yeah yeah yeah shoot
to do that's one of the nice parts about
Doctor Strange is it's really just about
Stephen strange learning
giant blue laser someone give me an
uptown please
what's our uptime like goodness we don't
up where's that signal disrupter y'all
y'all got any up Doug oh you have to do
is hit the trigger but it only jams a
local area you need to get within arm's
reach of Brainiac good that voice actor
has just found a really sweet gig and
like he is every cyborg in every single
iteration by the way I mean every cyborg
ever yes okay that voice actor cyborg
and these he's cyborg in the Teen Titans
go he's cyborg in the Justice League
he's cyborg in the lego movie
no he's in the Justice League
live-action that's him no oh no no in
the Justice League cartoon Oh in the the
Lego DC animated features he's uh oh
yeah that's what I'm saying it's like we
have we have an animated cyborg who were
we go oh yeah we're gonna get that one
guy which is great he does a great job
they did it shields look down Supergirl
on me Viktor help the others fight those
betas
ya know it looked like she had a rock it
under her kid she's moving so fast
that's what it is the rainbow trail
follows oh come on you're you're
fighting highly advanced technology you
think you're fuckin bat-jets could I
even last that long
I'll hit it with my missile I'll hit him
with my bat man feel rich
that's a glorified airplane at least he
didn't throw batarangs at them out the
window
hold on Supergirl
the signal gets stronger this way
millions of them
hey all the worlds I will say this is a
better Justice League movie than the
Justice League movie it is it's can you
argue with that
oh god no yeah no I mean you're you're
absolutely right it's a you know big
sherlocky premise and you get a decent
amount of fanservice
yeah all your heroes get together the
fight they do the super stuff and you
know what if you're gonna have a
psychopathic Superman you just own up to
it and acknowledge that he's a
psychopathic Superman yeah
well that well that was the original
story of the Justice the Justice League
movie was supposed to be a two-parter
sure oh not even just like I mean just
in general like all of those rivers not
just Oh even Man of Steel yeah just
start them up psychopath Superman's a
dick that's what I'm going for
you know what I think everyone would
have liked it a lot better it's like
okay evil Superman
Laura's around until recently I had
thought my collection of Krypton to be
complete you will capture it even slogan
Jeffrey Combs of course you could look
either you have failed in every effort
to oppose me you although I will say
there's enough modulation on this voice
where it doesn't even you like Jeffrey
Combs me difficulties loss today just
another few minutes I do like his little
robot or his little skeleton henchman
they're neat
watts
I could make an entrance where's car
captured somewhere on board you're
looking at the goofy gym just in case we
don't it's the strap that's holding on a
helmet that's not there jack it's it's
it's oh it looks like it's just holding
on his toupee oh you know when you're
Superman
you really needed to pay to be on good
that's why he turned evil in this
universe is he went prematurely bald
bring it up this whole bringing out got
Swamp Thing
the firestorm matrix what happens if I
don't choose I've heard enough about
Brainiac in his pleasure
Lachesis Foreman talked a big game back
at my cell let's see how you stack up
I think this world we're gonna go
alright before if we're about
three-quarters we can uh we're probably
we're probably closer than that by now
well but you know also we should fuck
around with all the other heroes and
your call all the DLC stuff it's your
call
it's been quite a it's been you know
quite a week so let's call it here we'll
save the big finale for for Sunday okay
I'm fine with that now don't they have
the same gym straps and Vanquish yeah
but he also has a full helmet that goes
on over that yeah I mean and and frankly
it does look silly when the rest of the
helmet is off but it serves a purpose
what purpose does that serve for
Superman right just just a headband
you're in a vanquish shoot you want you
want to be fully armored oh yeah yeah
absolutely need to cook - right that's
man having that is just ridiculous I
think I cracked the code it's to hold on
his toupee yeah yeah that's the only
possible explanation
oh okay
oh yeah oh there's a ton of shit oh you
just unlock a lot of crap yeah excuse me
oh Jesus
makes it look like this favorite hero
gambit are you saying Superman is doing
a gambit cosplay yeah you know it's it's
one of those things that might be able
to work in comic books like gambits
thing works it is ridiculous if you'd is
redic but it were in a comic book
it works if you were if you were going
to redesign again but you'd probably get
rid of that and he would just have the
overcoat Oh number you get rid of that
like there wouldn't even need to be a
production meeting yeah oh yeah the
gambit movie that is going that goes
that's not even let's not even joke
about that
there there is a I just saw a cyborg a
tree skin color called booyah it's a
thing Jesus Christ we got a lot of
rewards there
so it has like a customized
you carry the thingy the whole thing in
is gambit has awesome armor underneath
the coat yeah but what function does
this chinstrap serve what is what does
gambits chin thing do okay
gambit gambit sends kinetic energy into
objects right the reason he wears goofy
gloves is so that he can grab stuff with
his glove stuff and send kinetic energy
with his son gloved fingers okay what if
it's like a touching thing where he
doesn't want people to touch him around
his neck case they accidentally blow up
I don't see it I don't see it putting
that out there putting that out there
screw you it looks cool the the Batman
thing again I think the gambit thing
yeah the gay everything looks cool I
guarantee you if they put gambit in a
movie they're getting rid of them the
headgear oh they're getting rid of it if
they put Gavin in a movie absolutely
he's not even gonna have armor
underneath he'll just have the overcoat
yeah that's fine yeah that's an ugly
skin turn him up Brown that was these
skinny unlocks that's the booyah skin
Brown I don't know nothing about no
cyborg I'm just saying it looks ugly
they think yeah they did put gambit in
the film did he have the the face mask
that had his hair exposed and his face
oh that's right he was in Wolverine
origin what was the outfit like he had
the coat yeah oh god I got to remember
Wolverine origin now I don't think he
had the thing okay
I don't believe he had the thing
I gotta get out of here
okay all right why don't you close down
that yeah and then I'll get out of here
get out of here get out of here updating
a shutdown right sure you want to just
keep constantly updated we're just we're
just fucking did one always be up there
just fucking didn't always be updating
all right click click off for that I am
a he's a fun you know what these are
goofy funds these these injustice games
take big old goofy funds okay so now is
the point in the stream in which we
thank all of you who have subscribed was
during very stream much like suggest 22
can't flew for 14 months in a row aleem
on you dear voice who says The Venture
Brothers is the best new season we'll be
out in a month or two they say so
another two years in Venture Brothers
time that's another two years I I have
heard their their little their little
sparse sometimes that's fine they don't
have a team of writers I mean it's
literally just the two guys and
occasionally been Edlund right right so
I see it oh sure okay quality over
quantity I'm excited to get into it
Larry
Kenobi 1-1 3-8 433 fucking months in a
row says hey ho let's go hey let's go
no they know about them say available
Dave if he's capable it's made his man
president every land in Punxsy everybody
talk like this that you're turning
reggae that got a little class yeah
you're getting reggae well that clash
was a little punk right you brought the
breakout and I who shot the sheriff
Jenny says is that a regulation
badwater media one who says this page
left intentionally blank slab hard fist
slap hard fist super sick bird helm
skank be bills says I know it's
Wednesday because rich is wrong about
literally everything while Jack on the
other hand is just plain wrong as usual
so some days you're wrong about some
things but right about other things
Wednesday's wrong about everything
whatever whatever we talked about three
hours ago when they reese obscure what
we're talking about everything today you
know I think you've been fairly on
grumpy kick Osama Bane was wrong about
being looking a better two Helmer it's
just it's just the mask I don't like his
mask and or another I went back and
looked at it like oh yeah yeah that
looked worse than I remember no so there
you go I was wrong about that but not
everything alright
grumpy kicks anti shatter who says a
cheer shared rewards 245 others in chat
rules sandwich for twelve months in a
row says a fuck one year we've been
together ranch and jerk rich your
dinosaur movie things slowly creeping in
the doorway made my day that's all I got
see you next month which thing was that
I assume they're talking about the
the Jurassic world's what I say I know
oh that that yeah yeah
deadly partition loader are gone says oh
that's got to be something new a cheer
shared rewards 245 others in chat we're
getting that as a message from people
and that's clearly not a message from
people now that we've seen the exactly
that's weird
give us moon for thirty four fucking
months in a row
when bogan for 12 months in row there's
a whole year of you hack frauds well
worth it midnight hero for 32 fucking
months in a row what doth life I mean
what doth life what does live - what
doth our soul huh is life what we see
with on eyes it's like Bill and Ted
dialog yeah is it actually from that's
what I was feeling that yeah she that
could be how they got the babes the
medieval babes
what does live a kaleidoscopic 24 14
months in a row who says what would you
do with 250,000 dollars no strings
attached buy a house clear out a lot of
my debt I would do that debt maybe go on
a trip yeah I want to be a home owner of
Jack I think that's a that's a not have
to worry about a mortgage that sounds
you know what's important rich have
sweet having a goal yeah you got to have
a goal and you got to work towards that
goal internal affairs nope but what I
miss women nope you just saw in Infernal
Affairs but that's it infernal pairs
okay okay what says oh hi
hi push level says love y'all
Thank You lovey to whoever you are
complete strangers you know I'd like to
get to know you first I think that's a
big commitment
I appreciate you how about that Road
Dogg who says yeah that again not again
I know it's weird and it's weird Alaska
I'll check I might oh let's go slack up
that's it Alaska slack up that's a good
one I like it so Ilana it's a lot of
similar letters repeated it slightly
different orders that's a lot of Kaizen
days Apple Michael look Michael uh
cluck-cluck-cluck
we're at Lucas smoke Luna smoke is the
correct way to say that
captain swc for 19 months in a row says
here's some money for having to deal
with Superman's ugly ass out fill my gun
you know I bet I bet there was a concept
artist who like drew this cool thing I
bet on paper and it still it looks like
cool right yeah but then as soon as the
3d modeler was done - no one did no one
say anything I guys could t see why does
Superman have this Jim strop it's that's
all that's the only question somebody
needed - I got a white a Superman have
this chinstrap now that he's in 3d and
he can move around maybe it doesn't work
rethinking the different mediums you
know Louvre rogue 69 six-limbed curious
errors says hello hello
camel 1913 chicken beef or pork services
says nice and work guys what's I don't
know I like it it's kind of ring - it
flows chicken beef or pork surfaces
board bombers is thanks for the grave
thanks for the streams get started on
that audio theism
I mean it's by the way stereo
Oh what did we call it from a stereo
crest stereo chromaticism oh shit what's
what's rich in eyes new medical
procedure chat remembers everything
they're gonna tell us no new health
methodology Jack it's not a medical
procedure that's nothing that looks like
it might require government oversight or
right health health methodology stereo
chromatic stereo chromatics well and I
guess the point of that that lovely
little aside of rich and eyes made up
quackery is it's just that easy to make
up shit Google is your friend do some
talk to a medical professional like
Google is your friend but doctors go to
school and are licensed so tell you know
yeah yeah hey ba la diabla 657 for 21
months in a row says hi you guys please
give a shout-out to summer games done
quick they're a lot of fun speed run for
charity and are streaming right now have
a good night that's true they are out
you know what I had some on in the
background today yeah it's just fun to
listen to like there's good color
commentary a lot lots of fun and you get
to be there when they fail I it's for
people who don't know summer games done
quick the twitch is doing their their
biannual and do it in the summer and in
the winter speedrunning week-long
marathon so people playing games really
quickly right now and they're taking
money for charity you can find it easily
on Twitch's main page they're doing cup
header right now they're doing thief
like that's it tonight or tomorrow
sometime they don't think Eve yeah I
think I hope it's the original and not
the new one I think I hope it's the dart
project yeah and then I'm definitely
gonna try and find time tune in for the
Mario maker stuff cuz it's
that's usually fun that's just insanity
that's insanity yeah yeah that's great
that's great thank you a windsock almost
son zoo says guys I enjoyed the stream
very much tonight question for you guys
what's the hardest or most difficult
thing you've ever done something that if
the world was going to end tomorrow you
could say well at least I did this keep
up the great work
how many response not found too much
time has gone by
insert sincere remark so far I have not
killed my children thief the dart
project was six hours ago oh no I
thought it was tomorrow how well I can
watch it on the youtubes yeah you can
watch the replay hardest thing I there's
something I'm sure there's something if
I sat down to think about it for hours I
could tell you the hardest thing I've
ever done is there something is there
something justjust that you can think of
that you're just generally very proud of
like like let's assume my life's been a
waste I mean a fucking waste you you've
brought joy to hundreds of thousands of
millions of people throughout the years
rich you have you have brought in
happiness to too many people around the
globe proud why I taught myself to build
a computer but I've probably done that a
dozen times by it helps for proud of
yeah that's right tens tens of people
and you built that awesome plinth ghetto
board there was time consuming not
necessarily the most difficult thing
ever
what I'm saying is if if humanity is
wiped off the face of the earth and
alien archaeologists start rooting
through our our ancient civilization
they're going to come across that and go
this must have been worshipped what was
this thing
the hervé God
Ivica evil Khan says well from Mexico
you hacks thank you for the years of
sane and pure entertainment I I do smile
and Viva Mexico until we kicked out
until we are kicked out of the World Cup
well good luck with that I heard I heard
you knocked out that was that you that
mactown
the Germany that was the South Korea to
South Korea okay okay with I I don't pay
attention to sports at all I can just
tell you every single social media
everything is talking about South Korea
beating Germany I'm just going deal
apparently to people who care about this
sort of thing yeah sir dank sir Dan 3k
so Dan 3k you know what this what this
reminds me of with the three in the
camera G for the lead speech no it
reminds me of the the logo for scandisk
yes isn't that doesn't it look exactly
like yes it does I I read that really
quickly now it's like scandisk
anyway uh sir Dannic pure coin David II
know people who says hey it's been four
months since you injustice one you know
I should really plan just as three
thanks and where's J sir injustice three
