Feb 7, 2018
Dandara, Slay the Spire
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/226846810
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/226849185
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/226851476
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_CbSaxFtXU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06UpkjpmAk4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqlWlBBg5W0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/961339872840749056

[Part I]
you you look like you've been walking so
fucking much
ya can't stand it I hate winter I hate
cold I hate snow I fucking despise it
all that's great
won't stop snowing it won't fucking
stops snowing why won't it fucking stops
snowing also it's being a real dick
about it like it doesn't snow a ton it's
just like an inch or so every night and
so it's like every morning you got a
shovel again anyone who lives in the
south you'd love to know what the
fucking snow looks like fuck you you've
got it good you're not missing anything
gonna fucking headache it's it's a
little rough some a fucking a fucking
six-month long a headache it's uh it
gets a little rough absolutely
which hates Christmas kind of Christmas
is the most overrated how are they
I'm okay with that yeah okay I'm a
Halloween guy so like I'm okay no no no
you know why in the title did we not
change the title Oh motherfucker I was
almost on it look at that one thing I
was so on it I didn't choose the son of
a seer all right I had my way we'd be
like Nevada right now oh I'd love to
work out a Reno man I'd love to work out
of Reno I hit the casinos in your free
time
yeah
hold on one second
rich deals had 125 degree heat in the
summer I've been I was visiting someone
in Phoenix when I was 120 that is
nightmarish I'll take that over the snow
I'll take that over there's no you know
I wouldn't I would that's not what not
me you would I'm sorry I don't like you
know to me to me when it's cold out you
can always put on more layers you put on
a big old pair of boots or you know
you're wearing the thickest gloves you
could find my fingers were so cold
nothing when they numb they hurt yeah
they hurt
oh no I'm with it like I I wear you know
those stretchy gloves I wear those under
these giant thermo mittens and the tips
of my fingers still I was wearing comedy
gloves they were so fucking thick like
Mickey Mouse Mickey Mouse fucking Mickey
Mouse hands yeah it's tough he's gone
looking in like monster claw basically
he's a rat all right cuz they're so big
and they have claws so of course he has
drugs of course he has paws that's
Mickey Mouse it sounds like a how would
you know you've never seen one they
sound different in real life
you might have seen the pictures of them
but they sound different in real life
burn I like I like the snow I like you
know what I like more than the snow risk
anything no uh here's here's the thing I
enjoy most about living here in
Wisconsin is we get four seasons
yeah yeah you can live someplace like
Los Angeles where the coldest it gets is
50 degrees and it never rains and it's
it's you know
beautiful weather all the time but then
I think you forget like I think it makes
you a more boring person not having the
changes in the seasons we got we got
should go on that absolutely live in the
fucking what the fucking Bahamas we're
just 75 all the fucking time see okay
now are you talking stupid fucking
reasoning ladies changes Maggie Paris
misery for months on end the snow the
leaves fall spring spring is great no
it's great
it's great I like the seasons
not digging yeah and you you go too far
sounds like the Bahamas and you got
hurricanes and shit to deal with I'd
much rather have snow
why is constantly 80Â° they have the
highest happiness rating in the u.s.
like the most muggings of any like you
know winner wants to mugged somebody
when it's fucking sixteen degrees out
exactly it's great my thoughts on the
solo trailer in two sentences I'd give
it two words don't care don't care it
looks fine I'm not even gonna go looks
fine I just don't give a flying fuck I
mean he here's what I would be excited
about as far as the Han Solo movie is
concerned I don't want to see like Han
Solo's origin story god I don't care
about that I would love to see him go on
a fun pirate adventure you're gonna of
course we're gonna get his origin story
but I'm you know I'm necessarily want
that I don't give a fuck about like what
drove him to the pirating life what game
is this
this is dumb Dora what is dumb
dun da da is okay so here's why I was
interested in da da yeah cuz we recently
we played I c'n classes yeah which was
that like Metroid like 2d whatever right
and if you remember my big if not
slightly
what do you call it hypocritical
complaints is that it wasn't different
enough then you know then Metro Nicole
yeah even though I wanted a game like
Metroid but with a little spin on it
right okay okay
so here we have a bit of a Metroid clone
but it has a spin up which is this right
here the way you move you do not run and
jump wrench you know you don't run and
jump at all you don't run and jump at
all you can only go from platform to
platform okay and it gets a little
crazier later I'm not sure I feel about
having no running or jumping alright yep
yep so you get a little you get a little
more in depth later because the the
levels you were in space right that's so
like Oh like look so the levels start
like switching and swooping on yeah I
played a little bit of it you know just
to check out the controls and whatnot I
thought it was pretty alright so we're
gonna play it on streem
and see what's up let's noose up with
dun da da dun da I'm solo standalone
standalone film quite look they're quite
literally could be the defining film of
our generation and you mean like that
has no creativity yeah yeah the defi
outcome of our generation just you know
piggybacking off of the successes of
others doing all we can to scrape by
yeah that's fair
he didn't say it was positively defining
our generation Dan da da can we ban cell
phone games from streams in the future I
don't know if we've ever played cell
phone are you saying this is a cell
phone oh you know what no I did play
cell phone game I played an iPad game
once I played that that that weirdo game
from the makers of guacamelee
remember on the iPad what was it called
and you you were like a girl and you had
a mask and there was like swiping
involved you were like a ghost girl so
little thing is severed no that was a it
was called severed okay and I we played
that
first Jedi and the firsts if that would
that would literally make me throw up
that would literally make me throw up
that is like the opposite of what I am
interested in yeah I guess think about
what you're asking for here like all
that stuff is like the back story for a
reason probably because it wouldn't be
terribly exciting and/or it would ruin
already established Canon that kind of
stuff is the introductory the back story
the peripheral that we build our
adventure on you don't want that story
you don't want the story explaining how
Han Solo got his little dangling keys or
his a his dice you don't want that Han
Solo is is a a pirate and a rogue and
boom that's his character that's all you
need
I get it
yeah there's there's some uh there's
some there's some doobly-doo Zin going
on yeah for general movement stuff yeah
it doesn't make a ton of sense like
there's some puzzling stuff since Jack
said I don't need it now I kind of want
it more yeah I get it
I'm not I I just I can't be excited
about it I we don't need a han Solo
movie unless it's like Han Solo a couple
years before a new hope and he's on a
cool pirate that's great that's just
great
what do you see the Deadpool trailer
there's a full trailer there's a full
trailer okay it's funny okay it looks
good cable looks awesome
but you know it's cable so that's
exciting you know I owe $20 you owe 2017
and a last stream we're talking about a
triple a game how it just wasn't wasn't
that much I was interested in you know
and okay 2017 wasn't that bad hear from
Danny I didn't I think I wasn't I was
reflecting on my statements yeah I
wasn't giving knob roughly Wow I said
it's fine it's fine that's what's good
breath wads good it's pretty damn good
ringing Mario while Mario honestly it
didn't it didn't rock my world a good
game playing game Friday the 13th came
out
listen 2015 pretty good different
yeah yeah there was some good stuff that
Kenny well there's some good stuff that
came out I see I think there was a lot
of good there was a lot of good 20:17
was an amazing year for gems what you on
about Willis kind of what I'm talking
about right now that's what he's saying
he said hey maybe you were a little
short-sighted maybe you were a little
hot-tempered wat me Selden was 16 was it
16 I may come out December did it yeah
every Christmas Jesus
okay then 2017 sucked this this year is
what sold me on the game at first I was
playing this earlier right weld and ara
and I wasn't quite sure what to think
about this and then I got to this person
right here and look at look at the art
on this lady with the giant legs and the
body it looks like some kind of
grotesque Rob who's Robert our crumb
crying yeah yeah I like whatever it is I
like it it's weird and fascinating our
crumb is horrifying yes not as art I
mean it just as human being oh sure
I just love the look of it I love the
character drawing so this after that I
was like oh yeah I'm sold
I think I'm a spirit or something I'm
like the spirit of the people and I got
a save him from something I don't
actually know 2018 should be better Red
Dead Redemption 2 alone you haven't seen
Red Dead Redemption - we haven't really
seen shit gameplay-wise
we don't know you don't know they
haven't ruined it oh all we know is that
they're super down with
microtransactions and nuke boxes now so
that's that's what you got going for you
here rock stars all about the
microtransactions now he's gonna be a
big multiplayer element to the Red Dead
now stole their usual strong
single-player aspect of the game I'll be
fine
yeah
protagonist sounds like is gonna be an
asshole that doesn't necessarily mean
it's gonna be a bad game though I miss
John Marston oh wait he sounds like he's
gonna be an asshole in a negative way or
like he's gonna be an asshole and I'm
excited about from the trailer you seem
kind of scuzzy like not fun bad but just
like this guy's a prick oh sure okay but
not like yeah I get to be a prick yeah
like Trevor in Grand Theft Auto 5 that
was yay I get to be a prick yes I'm with
it so john marston is probably in a
deeply ism pretties playable but it's
more like at the end of the game don't
be he's the star of the story like ever
after you beat it yeah play or or it's
DLC did the John Marston
test for pizza roll I see a pizza roll
baudru tests is successful
I've heard that john marston is gonna
have a new voice what I have heard I
didn't this is not at all confirmed okay
but that the guy who did the voice and
Red Dead Redemption for the main
character he's just retired from voice
acting oh that's what I've heard I don't
I don't know if that's bullshit it might
be they can't call him back for one more
hurrah that's something like that hi
that's not a rumor it's true all right I
mean this is something I heard someone
say so I wasn't gonna confirm it it's
absolutely beautiful
that's a prereq exclusive so
misinformation good spread yeah
he'll come back if the price is right
maybe I can only imagine though like
Rockstar knows what's up if they really
want it you know they probably offered
him a decent price right no idea
probably have to blow those walls up oh
my god that's a wall I didn't even see
that
so I heard something obsessing about me
you heard okay no more heroes three
which we know is coming to the switch
they had a trailer for it right and I I
didn't notice that this at the time
because the music and the back around to
that trailer yeah it's so loud and I
know why that music was so loud it was
you couldn't you couldn't really hear
the dialogue that well over just the
music they were playing okay they've
recast the lead they recast Travis
touchdown
sure sure it's not double his name robin
atkin downes or forget his name but it's
different guy and he made that game live
the last two she made those games that's
a that's a big deal recasting gotcha
gotcha and they they were trying to
skirt that I think they're trying to
just hide it with the music
well that's too bad
but you know people age people age and
they get out of the business it was a
part of that voice actor Union strike
maybe I heard that's exactly what it was
cuz that guy doesn't he's in like every
fucking big movie that robin atkin
downes yeah yeah
so he's on strike do you think that's
what happened to
residential
or no I say he's retired that's my herd
I can't help the only way I can stop
aging is to die
and once your dust that's that's kind of
peak agent right dusty the gun aging at
that point I mean technically I suppose
the dust you know like then you can
still like your corpse is still in time
yeah I think that that's when they start
stop counting for you
join the stream and the first thing I
hear is would say the only way to stop
aging is to die thanks guys
welcome to this dream should have heard
my epic snow rants epic you took that
snow down a peg rich finally and
whatever I don't I don't care if I'm
remembered that's not something I worry
about yeah who will remember me yeah we
all get forgotten a bunch of internet
weirdos I said what's that poems a poem
Ozymandias statue in the desert and some
weather statue yo you still read what's
on the plaque bone it says I am awesome
and yes look at look at my works and
tremble and it's not the intended
meaning cuz they're statues all fucked
up and you can't really tell who it was
sure their legacy has mostly been
forgotten and that's that's the double
meaning of the look at my works in
trouble yeah yeah that's neat
rich dust Evans could you turn look upon
my works ye mighty and tremble game
music is down a bit tell me if that is
more acceptable is it nd Sparrow
look at my beyond despair I don't know
look upon my works and despair it's been
a while since I heard that well that
would make sense to when I die for me in
the crash look I I don't think they're
gonna take me up on it I've authorized
people to sell my ashes to the fans as
long as the money goes to character I've
I have authorized this no I don't I
don't think I don't think anybody's
gonna take me up on it I'll be dead I
have very little control over absolutely
I you know I hear here's why I don't
think anything could happen is because
like we'll be seen as the weirdos if
that happens I'm okay but not you have
to not only okay like you have to
facilitate it because like even though
it's like no rich woo so totally okay
with a look here's a recording of him
saying he's okay with it like yeah but
they still sold his ashes to a creepy
fan like
there's always prey on it's rich yeah I
suppose it's your only chance but
nobody's ever gonna revive anybody who's
been cryogenically frozen it's not gonna
be worth the hassle of doing it even if
even if they could it won't be worth the
house yeah yeah we already we're already
like working on overpopulation problems
as it is now we got to deal with you
undead assholes come on they can't even
freeze you right right now the process
of freezing you that creates ice
crystals in your cells which just
destroy your fucking cells
comically hard to revive somebody who's
been cryogenically frozen with today's
technology you can do something to keep
those ice crystals out maybe you got a
shot
what about transcendence just be an
Android referring to uploading your
brain into a computer sure probably
probably won't be an option in my
lifetime it's probably humanity's best
shot at immortality though yeah yeah
yeah but then then you get then you get
fun then you get altered carbon then you
get altered carbons universe where where
the the super-rich are a are the only
ones able to afford why are the
super-rich the only ones that can afford
this well they're the only one no
everyone can have it but the super-rich
are only able to afford like upkeep and
new bodies and like what do you need the
body for you just need the server I live
in a virtual paradise but who's keeping
up the streets who needs a fucking
Android who's keeping up the server man
by the way I finished shelter carbon
yeah speaking of yeah and machinery
starts out like amazingly mediocre is
how I want to call it like it's so
mediocre you're actually surprised yeah
it's kind of okay so it's still mediocre
it's like what's what's what do you call
it when mediocre is scratching at kind
of good a letdown I call that yo you
call that wasted potential
yes now I haven't seen it that's not my
judgment on it yeah
I'm just saying that's what you call
mediocrity scratching and just something
that's just above just above its head
it's it's it's right there it has some
really neat ideas
it has some really neat ideas and some
fun fight sequences they've had some
really fun fight sequences including a
fully nude fistfight okay like full
nudity fist fights dude nah dudes no
lady yeah not a bad-looking lady either
but and but here's what I'm gonna say
about the full nude fistfight tastefully
done
tasteful which i think is a hard thing
to say about a nude fistfight tastefully
done but uh overall I can alright Joe I
think I just don't like the actor who's
in it he's no good he's the guy that
starred in Suicide Squad and I think
he's a bit of a derp
a new nude fist-fighting not not fisting
I'm sorry I'm sorry we got your hopes up
oh yeah yeah no and like that I think
there were some swords involved too
there's just a fully nude fight sequence
which was actually like a really like
that's my problem with altered carbon is
it has some really neat ideas you know
what it reminded me of and you won't
care about this but the chat will solo
the solo trailer no because I didn't
have it I like I didn't care about that
I'm just thinking to something the chat
will care about that I don't what it
reminded me of is the theatrical release
of Blade Runner the one width of the
voiceover okay
which is just significantly not good
it's like not right and so altered
carbon is the voice-over version of
Blade Runner with a little bit of
shimmer
don't applaud you
it must have gotten unplugged
shit happens
shit happens
why do you move like that in the game
that's the only way to move the only way
to move is from jumping to white service
to white surface that's that's the game
that's the game
that's what makes this unique experience
yes and so you I can only assume later
on we're gonna get more like have to
quick jump and shoot and like your gun
doesn't auto shoot like you have to
charge it and release shot and so that's
I can only assume it's going to get a
little more difficult as we get to more
challenging platforming sections if you
wanna come what game was the most place
to the potential - Resident Evil 6 the
combat is as good as doom 2016 I highly
doubt that I highly doubt that I know I
know the Resident Evil's got a little
bit action II yeah but I still highly
doubt that specific thing yeah that's a
big that's a big shoot of film you might
want to think about that comparison
Oh slay the spiral slay the spire rich I
I started playing it after the stream
yeah it's addicting it's it's it's it's
it's addicting yeah it is
so what happened to your run if if you
if you didn't tune in last time Jack was
having an epic run I was having a great
run he had a fantastic victory on the
the head boss of the second world
because of because of you know we talked
about it we you know it's it's a game
where you can take your time and really
think out your moves and you came up
with a great plan yeah which is the what
turned out to be a quadruple poisoning
yeah and and I was more than that well
it was a quadruple poisoning but
exponential yeah and so it was it was
three times three times three times
three yeah and so it was just like maybe
we could poison him to death you were
skeptical because he only had a little
bit of poison on him yeah you triple
that but that's not much multiple times
and I was on the ropes rich I was on the
ropes right
we did it we beat the boss it was a
great victory a great way to end the
stream here's the problem with oh you
were gonna continue that epic run well
everyone was looking forward to seeing
you continued this never promised I was
gonna continue it on stream I continued
it at home and won the game I won the
game with that hand or with that with
that day because I couldn't just save
that game and continue playing a
different game and I wanted to keep
playing the game so I could play another
game here you know something interesting
about the rest of that right Oh tell us
about all the amazing adventures you
went on well so I ended up winning I
beat the game there's my first time
actually beating the game uh-huh
I never got that combination of cards
again yeah
that combination where I could make
three
copies of the triple poison car that
never came up in the rest of the room I
found it wasn't it wasn't game breaking
but I found a really fun combination
okay there's a card called double tap
double that and your attack whatever
attack you use and it dumps okay it goes
twice
I had another card called headbutt after
your attack you get to pick a card from
your deck from your discard to put on
the top of your deck again oh hey they
combo it really well double shot
headbutt Oh what cards am I gonna pick
for the ones that come back for the two
times I get to use my head but because
it's double tap oh I'll take double tap
and headbutt again nice nice yeah that's
fun there's a fun it was a fun combo
yeah cuz headbutt did decent damage mhm
no and then if you could just keep using
it over and over I was every time I came
across head bud that was going to my
deck boy I upgraded the double shot and
you're next to its axe it was basically
I could have the exact same cards every
turn
that's great yeah that's great yeah I
think you know that's kind of what we
were talking about last time with um
with like the what with the one person
who had like the mega like the two card
deck that was unstoppable we're just
like every once in a while you just you
need something like that in a roguelike
that makes it sloppy fun well I didn't I
didn't beat the game or anything so it
wasn't even overpowered but it was it
was pretty effective for a while okay I
originally just got over power I was
doing enough damage I guess mhm
but you did not beat the game no I did
not beat the
tourists it is fun combo
I think I'll buy slave aspire for the
music a lot it's it's good and you know
it's one of those early access games
where much like
what was it dead cells yeah where it's
done enough where you can have some fun
and also kind of look forward to the
rest that they're gonna do but it's done
enough which is very nice did you say
slay the spire is worth it at the
current price big fan of what is the
current price it's no sixteen seventeen
sixteen to twenty what's the current
price I mean this is this is the thing
that's relative to anybody how much is
$16 to be with that sure some people
it's it's some people looks a lot well
at least you know more than you're
comfortable spending at a game absolu
some people I can tell you this before
the stream I was at twenty hours yep
and remember it's not just roguelike
it's deck-building and and someone
whether it was on Twitter or on YouTube
comments was pointing out you know
someone was asking us about like
hearthstone and stuff like that it's
roguelike deck-building it's roguelike
deck building but a deck building game
is different than a collectible card
game right yeah like a collectible card
game that's your hearthstone that's your
Magic the Gathering that's your Pokemon
Trading Card Game and that's all about
paying to win paying for this you pay
for the cards yes and then you keep the
cards forever exactly in a deck building
game
these same cards are available to
everyone you just randomly choose you
know you randomly get them into your
deck
it's all about building your deck and so
I say more than if you like roguelikes
you need to figure out whether or not
you like collectible card games I'm
sorry you need to figure out whether or
not you like deck building games oh shit
oh shit I'm not ready for a boss I'm
sorry dr. Luba table says tips no that's
good that's good keep just don't stop
everything sipping everything dr. LuAnn
up says thanks for bitching about the
freezing cold weather that's snow we're
in the third day of a 40 centigrade 104
F heatwave and I feel cooler already
I'll take I'll take the heat wave over
this shit I'll take that fucking heat
now Anna says solo same shit as two
Hobbit it should be a smaller story not
an epic where he's involved with the
Empire and shove everything in so on one
adventure he gets all his stuffs Honda
chosen solo that's true you're right
you're absolutely right nothing we can
do about it brown Adam Sandler says Star
Wars is making a series of films by a
game of Thrones guys plus a trilogy with
Riaan Johnson plus the Han Solo we've
been coming out bust possibly oh but
with obi-wan and Boba Fett should we
kill ourselves now or wait a little you
can just ignore him
that's that beauty that probably smart -
yeah you know I saw that news that the
I saw that news that there they're
giving the game of throne guys like
their own Star Wars movies I'm not a big
fan of The Game of Thrones series yeah
and really all they did was adapt an
already mega popular franchise which is
what they are doing with Star Wars as
well they're just adopting a mega mega
popular franchise they did have a big
misstep they were their plan after Game
of Thrones was to make that
alternate history what if the South won
the Civil War for HBO that'd be great
and then maybe great it'll be
interesting it could have been it got
shut down yeah it got shut down and so
apparently they they failed up to Star
Wars I don't I don't know how how likely
that would actually be them winning the
Civil War they didn't they didn't have
this the infrastructure the North had
mm-hmm but still as a what if it could
be fun
I think there's also there's a lot of
possibilities of someone bungling that
like super hard I you know like I really
like a man in the high castle that's
really fun yeah which is a revisionist
you know like what if Germany won
- and there's some neat ideas thrown
away never listen to her dull art Bell
you've mentioned his name before I don't
necessarily know the coast to coast am
yet a radio show the radio show split
round he do like aliens ghost conspiracy
theories young every now and then he
would just take calls from whatever
weirdo and whatever weirdo story they
had okay and he had somebody call in
claim they're from an alternate earth
where the South won the Civil War and he
took the call it's like the call they
interviewed him for a while
visiting our dimension sure yeah I just
think I guess in the world were the
South won the Civil War they have
invented transdimensional technology oh
well I got that going for him I guess
despite the fact that the South was
backwards as fuck hmm hmm look at your
panties in a bunch talking about the
civil war itself they're already in a
bunch right you can't stop that you
can't stop the bunches dole knew how to
fuckin roll with it man art no was
either a true believer yeah which was
interesting or he was a fucking con man
which was also interesting was he it was
either a true believer or a modern-day
PT Barnum who knew how to sell it either
way anyway I'm good okay that's great
was why don't I think he's doing radio
anymore art though he's still alive but
he is still alive is what you're saying
he was a true believer for sure see I
maybe it's because I'm cynical I I err
on the side of con him being a con man a
showman
like PT Barnum but still not an actual
believer and you know even if he was if
he was maybe a skeptic or someone who
was like you know like just lead play a
skeptic that's for sure
whatever whatever fucking crazy thing
you said on that show he bought it the
asteroids gonna come and I foreseen that
it's gonna destroy all plant life on the
planet Earth uh-huh oh when is this
gonna happen really that is so fast
you're done that's great that's fuckin
great
that was actually the hill bob comedy
that was an actual that was an actual
episode the comment was gonna come and
there was an alien thing on the comment
that was gonna release something that
was gonna straight on plant life on
everything that was the hill Bob coming
and he got that's something he got tied
in with the whole Heaven's Gate thing
because he had someone on the show
talking about some get up alien thing on
the hale-bopp comment well there you go
so he got tied into Heaven's Gate that's
great
that's just
you heard the call where some guy said
he was an area 51 scientist which one
that was like happy you're probably
thinking that Bob Lazar he's the he's
the big one who claimed he started the
ball rolling with that area 51 they have
UFOs deal
incognito lenses I'm reminded of the
story behind meet the medic it was
originally going to be about how the men
made his meta gun but they realized that
the origin story of an inanimate object
was boring slash dumb with what they're
referring to is the the team fortress to
meet the team series of animated shorts
something valve started to do you know
drum up publicity for Team Fortress 2
and it was true you know all of these
shorts these are like three to five
minute like little yeah here's a fun the
fun thing the character does right yeah
and and that is absolutely true no one
you know no one cares about how the
medic built his medigun you know what
I'm gonna go out on a limb here know
what people might think they care no one
cares how the Millenium Falcon was
obtained by huh
they think they do rich we know how it
got obtained behind oh right this is
completely unnecessary exactly like we
don't need the story of how of like what
he what game he won to get it from Lando
right we don't need any of that it won't
be as cool as you think it will and
honestly based on that trailer alone the
only thing that I am looking forward to
is his young Lando who looks fly as fuck
he looks like super fly we literally
just saw a picture of him standing there
and he looked awesome he's got the
little mustache the goatee
that man look like super fly I loved him
I'm saying he looked cool he can't have
a bet he's so dope
manases rich you consider red dead
redemption full gamestream
that's that's a lot of game for a full
playthrough I don't know that I will
ever do like a dead red I've Red Dead
Redemption no death run just because
there's a lot of Red Dead Redemption
sure sure
Red's fine game it's a great game also
are you going to see the new solo movie
I'll probably have to for work looks
good though he may be too much if a big
guy for me let's hope it's better than
the last just somebody somebody in the
chat earlier when I said you know I
didn't Chad always wants to talk about
Han Solo to me the chances so we don't
last for tips I've learned about the Han
Solo movie right like this for the last
five tips we like we like the sci-fi
stuff it's a new big movie coming out
watch the Deadpool 2 trailer well we'll
just talk about that Domino looks great
speaking of Superfly there we go again
you know super afro dominoes she looks
great the metal arm looks good how about
a blood-borne no death run you see them
pigs flying yet I blood-borne is one of
those were like I think we talked about
like maybe like working really hard and
getting a no lost that was that was that
was like I maybe maybe I guess IVA bleed
do that and I know I can't I can't do it
right yeah right no there you know one
I'd love to be able to get someone
someone cam but I'm not I'm not that
gifted
first look at x-force - yeah it's fun
good old good old Deadpool it'll be a
pool will be interesting because it'll
it'll no one is gonna be surprised by it
I think the first Deadpool no one knew
what to expect yes and so they're like
oh how refreshing you know fun take them
on the you know a superhero movie that
kind of takes the piss out of superhero
yes and so now that everyone knows what
Deadpool is all about it'll be
interesting to see what they do with the
second one and a new creative team if
it's more of the same would that be
horrible no no would be horrible because
you know the first one was really fun so
if it's an it's if it's more really fun
USA is taking on Russia and Mixed
Doubles curling right now they look at
start
I honestly have no idea if the Olympics
are theirs here's the deal I actually
enjoy the Olympics but I can't stand the
the network broadcast because they only
show the boring ship okay it's like the
fun thing about the Olympics is those
weird-ass sports you never see unless
the Olympics yeah
like curling yeah where people are just
sweeping ice we've been ice for they
just want to sure fucking ice skating
and say what a waste
I agree I agree that ice skating is a
waste it's like I get I could I could
watch volleyball or the 100-meter dash
for the thousandth time how is curling
weird somebody in the chat is from
Canada what are you talking about it's a
perfectly reasonable AR game that all of
us play you know yeah yeah you just toss
the pebble down the ice and you got your
sweepers you see in the sweepers they
can't really control the pebble but they
can move it slightly or slow it down
speed it up you know just help control
the descent of the sweeper into the bull
zone I wasn't even talking about beach
volleyball I just mean like like the
full court volleyball it's interesting
to watch because you never see that on
TV unless it's the Olympics
but not that beach-volleyball doesn't
have its charms
I get it yeah
I'm surprised beach volleyball isn't its
own show
like that's next it's a weekly show look
at badminton is awesome I would love to
see Olympic badminton they would never
air that on TV not uh network TV it's
not a real thing I had a teacher in high
school who was an Olympic badminton
player really yeah I'm shocked but that
is a real thing Olympic bad I mean I
love it that it's a thing also I'm
shocked
the ball isn't a thing in the US I mean
I don't think not really except for
beach volleyball when we know why it's
the tiny clothes it's the ones so one
sport where the women's version is more
popular it's it's because they wear tiny
baby clothes and usually all of the
contestants are very fit
a little bit ping-pong is insane to
watch as well I would love to see look
at ping-pong
that's another one you will never see a
TV yeah they don't really show us stuff
like that right a meter - they only show
the boring shit yeah yeah they do
Andre as silver says hey let's talk
about a good film for change okay do you
guys expect to receive that many copies
of vampire assassin
we kind of know you guys I'm not shocked
by the way one of those would mine
shears from Rio de Janeiro thank you
thank you for your vampire assassin
contribution
hey I'm not I'm not shocked I'm shocked
no Mike specifically asked for something
he got nothing yes there's no there's
very little surprise there
mokey b85 is not sure if you already
know this but the new game by the FTL
devs into the bridge acceptor released
February 27th hope it's great I knew
they were making it I didn't know I
don't know it was set for release in 31
that's what's me yeah they're just
announced that that's that's fresh news
see if it was lightning in a bottle or
if they got something else
we'll see
boo drill says were you guys ever fans
of red vs. blue for the eventual Channel
roosterteeth they started pretty small
and have really exploded over the last
few years with something like 300
employees that's I remember watching red
vs. blue back in the day oh he did now
oh man that because that was like early
early web videos yeah yeah and it was it
was amazing for anyone who doesn't know
and you know if we have a younger
audience they might not know what red
versus blue is anymore it was like one
of the early versions of machinima yep
using in game video game graphics to
tell a story and so they use Halo
multiplayer and a custom view model of a
you know character without the HUD to be
like the camera yeah and then they would
like animate their characters and put
their voices in afterwards and they
created a little story red versus blue
and it was hilarious
it was absolutely hilarious I mean I
have not seen this in over a decade I
have no idea if it has aged well yeah
but I thought it was the bee's knees
yeah it was so clever yeah I mean not
maybe the jokes weren't I don't know
like I don't know anything about the
content but just the idea of using this
multiplayer arena to make your animation
oh what a great idea
yonder yonder says pre-emptive tip to
Karen for rich Evans ashes my pay for a
funeral when you can make money waste
waste money in a fucking burial plot for
what I'm dead
sell that shit it's not usually free
40k funky Toombs hey guys
yeah longtime viewer first-time tuber
okay thank you jack for turning me into
on to Valiant Comics what your thoughts
are on the recent valiant buyout by a
Chinese oriented filmmaking company yeah
I saw that I saw that you know and I'll
tell you what I am woefully behind on
all my comics reading including my
family comics so I don't even know where
they are comic book wise like I don't
know if their stories went to shit or
whatever but yeah my aunt is they've
never had the one they've never had the
breakout star you know even fuck wait
way back in the day was Jim shooters
baby and fuck they fucked him over stole
the company out from underneath them
well they just you know even Dark Horse
who's always been kind of in the
peripheral finally started having those
breakout characters right this Jim
shooter shooter still with million oh no
he got out stood back in the 90s man
that's when they went to ship the first
time yeah cuz whether or not Jim shooter
was an asshole in real life he was a
fucking great editor he ran that man
knew how to run a comic book universe ya
know and have a tight interconnected
continuity mm-hmm I'm with you
so they got bought by a larger
entertainment company probably hoping to
you know pull a Disney and take all of
this massively popular property and
amass all this sorry not popular
property to take this massive world that
they've spent decades building and pluck
the good stuff and make a movie maybe I
make a TV series will it work
I don't Jim shooter was the editor of
Marvel in the 80s when Marvel was still
good then he got ousted not not
weirdly enough Marvel went to shit after
that in the 90s so he started a valiant
valiant was was great people loved
villian and then he got out stood and
then valiant went to shit the story of
Jim shooter is a tragedy though though
considering he got he kept getting him
kicked out of companies he was probably
an asshole to work for it was probably a
headache to deal with he wasn't too good
at managing money this shit worked
there's probably something going on
- ding
I just I see someone someone gave us
bits thanks summer all hey did our
little bit's thing pop up yeah I never
pay attention to that it's a good
question we have we should have a bit
thing like right underneath us did a
little bit thing work no one ever gives
us bits so the graphic needs to be like
a white splooge interfaces with a sound
effect like and we would make so much
money check we already have what sound
effect that goes get it right where our
faces would be I can do that we need to
do that yes I can do that I'll bet I bet
you will get like a fucking fucking
hundred bits I tell you we're gonna tell
you you've bits if they can just
virtually come in our face and people
are giving us bits rich now look we're
just talking about bits and people are
giving us bits bits and bits are our
twitch money
bits are a way to tip us using twitch
going only for twitch right now like oh
yeah there there there's dancing us I
like to dancing us
I did see our little animation so but
basically it's a way for twitch to also
get a piece of people tipping streamers
because if he took us through PayPal
PayPal gets a cut
Kenda says I have some hip-hop
recommendations for jacket okay
saturation one two and three by
Rockhampton and flower boy by tyler
decree Oh Oh Tyler the Creator
Salutation one two and three by Brock
Hampton and flower boy
by Tyler the Creator I found the crater
all four of those albums range from good
to excellent and came out last year oh
okay that's actually really good to know
I did not know Tyler the Creator had a
new album I mean by a blood shot says
Jack Oh kind of what kind of kind of a
repeat can we talk about the takeover of
valiant it broke my heart when the CEO
was forced to sell the company and makes
me very nervous about the future of the
books they should be yeah I mean you
should be yes that kind of comics are
there they are their only purpose now is
a breeding ground for a larger market
yeah
so if Valiant is going to be smart they
will keep making the books so they can
beta test their movies and or TV shows
that they will get from them later
blood who knows they might they might
just try to make a quick buck and and
pull out you know face did you think
about that because I said pull out yeah
I did
I'm not sure I'm super comfortable with
fans really a pie to the face lemon
meringue pie that's what it is you can
throw a pie in our face pin donation
there you go terrible
major misdemeanors is thanks for showing
me slay the spire I was meant to be
working from home this week and Monday
and Tuesday were both oh right off it's
a it's a very addicting game it gets it
gets a lot of that it gets a lot of that
right it gets a lot of that you know
what feeding the monkey the cocaine in a
roguelike right
Dirk Gently Ursus check if you like
deck-building you might really like the
board game clank-clank family-friendly
dungeon-crawling wood deck building very
fun slay the spire reminded me of it oh
well then let me let me write that down
we're always we're always you know the
the kids are at that just that right age
when we can we can start start planting
the seeds of like you like playing games
don't your advanced games yeah
strategy yeah yeah let's go Clank
playing an exclamation mark at the end I
don't know if it's part of the name or
just something they added don't I see it
Clank I will check that out I got it
written down a deck building adventure
okay okay now you talk

[Part II]
deck building adventure okay okay now
you're talking
are you enjoying this game I am it's
it's not like I would completely
understand it if the audience wasn't
enjoying this game because I don't think
it's a very exciting game I don't think
it's a very exciting game yeah end of
statement but it's a it's a very chill
experience and I'm digging it for better
or worse
so yeah I'm digging it I'm thinking it
you would think that the the lack of
movement would be frustrating and it's
not it feels it feels very natural after
a while
let's get Eddie to rumbles is rich how
what here someone told me you want to
join our pub G squad since our recent 13
killed chicken dinner
but our shy to ask everyone is welcome
especially you
I'll save a seat for you on my
motorcycle I appreciate it probably not
probably not I mean you know that I
think it's great that they made the
offer oh yeah I would you wouldn't get
the chicken dinners if I ran your team
that's for sure you know what I've
played smash up artisan neckbeard I have
played smash up and you are right it is
it's not a great deck building man I'm
with you as Jack played Friday the 13th
with the new update check thoughts on
fake Jason you know what I haven't I I I
was saying that after I played it once
after you streamed it oh yeah I'll get
into this again and I played a couple
rounds and I didn't get to be Jason and
so I just and I didn't see the new Jason
and I never did and I never did maybe I
will you know did you did you ever take
a look at that virtual cabin man no I
don't even know what that is what is
that explain it to me it's interesting
okay I'm assuming you don't know much
about Friday the 13th trivia though I
didn't know like I watched the movies
but I'm not I'm like that with any movie
though I don't know things about movies
what they did was you ever seen like a
virtual Museum and like a game we're
saying they did that with some of the
old Namco Games like they they added a
fake museum you could walk around you
can see the actual arcade games and
they'd have a digital representation of
like the circuit board with information
about it okay they did something like
that for Friday the 13th but it's a lie
there's a the virtual cabins like a
cabin you go to and it's like a setup
like a Friday the 13th museums
these are some of the mass and there's
some display there's the character
models but it's secretly a puzzle game
yes but a lot of the puzzle involves
your knowledge of Friday the 13th trivia
so so if we are ever graced by Jay again
we should play that as what you're
saying yeah okay gotcha do you want to
do you want to spoilers for mm-hmm
you don't want spoilers for I guess a
spoiler for me you don't care no I don't
you absolutely it's a big spoiler it's a
big spoiler yeah dude this do they want
spoilers for it
the Chet probably already knows sure if
you if you don't want to know what the
virtual cabin spoilers are you your
audio now it's alight so you know I'll
give you all clear I'll wave my hands
when it's fine okay yeah spoilers now
once you get your reward for finishing
all the puzzles yeah as you realize the
virtual cabin is like a virtual reality
cabin and Jason X kills you and you see
a little bit of the Jason X map cool yes
that's me that's great yes all right
it's boiler done
that's very neat that's very neat
what look at you big square it's scary I
you're on the gook sense yeah we'll be
good all the paper RPG by a guy I used
to run with John Goodman original IP
made him enough money to quit his job
right d20 brontosaurus brontosaurus Rex
the Civil War just kept going and it was
in space with Dino writing okay okay
I don't know if I fully understand are
the things you are saying I'm with you
but good for you good for here friend a
lot of those things did not make sense
to me many apologies
hang on blaggard says hey guys Kip they
were gonna start trick question
I hope you guys have had a very good
attack when can we expect the sequels of
the peepee song didn't we talk about you
know there was some sort of payment
involved with that so mind um the off
chance that somebody's rich and bored
well what's the payment we you can make
up a new one right now I don't know we
talked we talked about a while ago I
forgot but yeah ten thousand dollars for
the people
I'll make I'll make a pee-pee sequel a
PP song sequel it'll be great
I don't know I don't people people are
are always talking about the poopoo PP
signers like it was just this silly song
that I was singing my kids when they
were potty training I thought I'd make a
funny video out of it people people get
a little nuts about that
what happens we make something called
the peepee song yeah the peepee poo-poo
sir hey hey hee hee I thought it was
silly
I'm just not reading that it's not the
worst thing anybody has ever said but
nonsense
huh
none of those do you guys think Return
of the Jedi set a precedent for third
movie and a franchise to be shit also do
you think that if returned the Jedi was
a solid conclusion that Star Wars fans
wouldn't suck here's the thing
it's not the best movie in in the series
but it is kind of a solid conclusion
Star Wars fans are just insane and can
never have enough I think if it would
have ended that Return of the Jedi
everyone would have been on payment fine
yes I think everyone would have been
like hey remember those three great
movies you know I'm trying to think of
I'm trying to think of name one of the
thousands of other movies that exist on
their own and not as part of a cinematic
universe that are really good and don't
need any other movies what I have said
about Return of the Jedi is that it's
good where it absolutely needs to be and
how though the Empire the the the the
Emperor stuff okay throne room stuff
that all works okay the space battle and
it's kind of fun I don't give a shit
about Lando but you know it's a good
space battle sure sure sure okay the
Ewoks stuff kind of sucks but you get
your emotional conclusion to the Luke
Skywalker saga absolutely yeah
absolutely
I know it like a lot of people a lot of
people are mad about the Ewoks in that
movie which is fair that's totally fair
I know I wasn't there I was never super
bothered by the Ewoks but I get it but
no it's a solid conclusion you know Luke
becomes the master Jedi or whatever he's
dressed all in black and Vader's like
it's good enough what else you want man
Abner gook says oh hey how was the surge
I hear it's like blood-borne but sci-fi
and they announced a surge to but others
said surge one was boring like fighting
and upgrading on ps4 a universe online
yeah so the surge it is it's I never
actually played it soon you played a bit
you never got around to playing it is
exactly like a Souls born game yeah
but in a sci-fi universe and one of the
the other thing that was supposed to be
one of the selling points was that you
could like strategically rip off robot
parts of your enemies and hook them onto
yourself yeah the act of doing that was
actually never super satisfying and it
got really repetitive really fast
I liked ps2 games show them Chrome do
you tactically cut off people's limbs so
they can't wield the sword against you
but that's that's cutting off a live
limb that's quite censored oh sure no
and I I don't know I don't know what it
was about the eye you know because you
could you you cut off like oh they had a
gun right you could cut it off and then
attach it to yourself and then you would
have that gun or a hammer or like you
know different arms but it just never
felt like a significant enough of an
upgrade to continue doing it hmm jack is
actually talking about the surge yes I'm
talking about the videogame the surge
which got very what wait what ps2 game
old game called shadow of Rome which
good chunk of the game is this really
intensely satisfying Roman gladiator
combat and then the other Paris games is
somewhat less satisfying stealth section
but you know you get through those quick
enough and the the gladiator stuff was
insanely fun then they they really they
really worked appeasing the crowd into
the gameplay because if you do a varied
things you get a you get over more with
the crowd they they don't like seeing
the same things over and over so it kind
of encouraged you to switch up your
tactics and do different things and to
do things just for show like cut off
somebody's head and then raise up the
head to the crowd and that gets the
crowd going when the crowds going they
will throw you like better weapon and
help items so actually playing to the
crowd is that's it's worked into the
gameplay that's great yeah that's great
the gladiatori sections of shadow of
Rome are fucking awesome mmm used to cut
off other enemy's arms and beat them
with their severed arms oh yeah the
crowd loved that
while Adam Sandler says loving your crew
it's great no I'm just waiting for
something like Jack of it Canadians to
come on and instead of talking about the
topic just keep plugging their own ship
all the time
don't talk about doing that specific
thing yeah yeah
let's get Eddie to rumbles as rich a kid
about the pub gee but a few of us here
are looking for other prereq chatters
two squads lash duo with we have a
discord server for anyone interested
hope you don't mind the plug look it up
plug up
bran flakes 4547 says I've been living
on my things so in the morning when the
morning bird sings they're still dinner
on my dinner jacket until the dinner
bell rings I've been leaving on my
things the way in the morning when the
morning bird sings I'm still I'm still
what they're still dinner on my dinner
jacket till the dinner bell rings it's a
thing my pajamas on oh I don't want to
beat that I wonder there's a very weird
about it yeah okay okay okay
it's great talking nonsense hi guys now
that every fight scene is an altered
choreographed anti-gravity matrix dance
do you ever miss dark diehard style
Bruce MacLean sloppy elbow swings while
half-conscious fights don't feel real no
I agree there's a place for ultra
stylized but something that she's did
gritty and brutal and that feels real
I enjoy that yeah it's a bit depends on
the show light yeah or the movie you
know like if you're watching Crouching
Tiger Hidden Dragon yeah you won oh sure
you want the choreography you want it to
be spectacular and magical other days
she just want to watch the road warrior
exactly other days you just want to
watch dude sloppily punch this
out of each other absolutely
what are your favorite story centric
games for the mechanics aren't the draw
well the mechanics should always be good
if you're just doing cinematics for the
sake of doing cinematics I don't really
care but if you want a cinematic game
that's also a good game but I really
appreciate the cinematics of them the
Arkham games that's fair
but if there's not a fun game
underlining your game
don't don't waste my time I want at
least I want at least a fun you know
maybe not the most innovative thing I'm
at least a fun game that'd be nice
yeah that'd be nice
Arkan was a boring series of awful
combatant oh that's your opinion
look I wouldn't want every game to have
an Arkham style combat I do like me some
old style combos I mean the Arkham
combat is just designed to make you feel
like a badass without actually having to
do that much but but actually performing
well in the Arkham combat is satisfying
before we get a higher level doing all
the variations and and not missing a
beat yes it's quite satisfied not
missing a beat yeah literally it's like
a rhythm game real combat listen I say
don't miss a beat I mean that literally
yeah I'm with you I'm with you so much I
wanted to emphasize that but I
definitely don't think it should be the
only type of combat in every game ever
can't you spam the reversal button and
you're pretty much evolving yeah but
you'd play like shit I mean you you well
you could really you couldn't do that
because later in the game there's some
tax that just attacks that aren't
culturable yeah so it just spamming the
the parry button would not win you the
game and even if you you could get
through a lot of the battles like that
you'd get a shitty score when you kind
of have to you kind of have to play the
Arkham combat for like the score getting
a high score in the actual battle
getting a lot of points
you ready for spider-man Arkham knockoff
no no Ritchie is not looking forward to
that
I am
for spider-man
yes spider-man is effectively a
character who just gets into boss fights
spider-man versus Doc Ock spider-man
versus the Green Goblin spider-man vs.
venom and there they've taken up a
combat system which does very poorly
with single enemies
so you've you've taken a character who
is known for awesome fights with super
criminals and you've given him a combat
system that doesn't do that thing very
well and you just he's yeah he's known
for awesome fights and super criminals
but also using that fighting method in
big crowds I think can be very sensitive
or could be it has the possibility to be
very satisfying what about the cuties
that's why all the boss battles are
gonna be QTE fest because they can't do
decent boss fights with that combat
system so it's all gonna be quick time
event quick time event quick time event
it's gonna be garbage every boss battle
is gonna be garbage dress today the rest
of the game might be okay yeah yeah but
what should be your centerpieces in a
spider-man game are all going to suck
I figured it out Arkham had good fights
aside from the car battles yeah but you
know what Arkham Knight didn't have boss
battles fight made me one boss battle in
Arkham Knight that wasn't in the fucking
tank or was it a cutscene
stupid tank
you can do good boss fights with the
system it's just really hard and relies
on weak designed to work around the
system see mr. Freeze's fight yeah mr.
Freeze's fight got around the combat
system not working for bosses by not
having a combat system into mr. Frese
fight it's a stealth battle damn the
combat system does not work well for
boss fights
district was a good fight district was a
passable fight in Arkham origins but
it's play that fight it's kind of a
QuickTime fest
the best boss fight in the Arkham series
it's only one fight is a Fame in Arkham
origins and even then they throw minions
with you
during that fight news that's what the
combat system does minions as well yeah
does groups really well
it worked okay for Clayface oh that was
a shit battle and you know it I cannot
comment pardon me
that's what Batman's enemies are best at
having henchmen I'm not I'm not saying
it's completely horrible like I said a
work vote for Batman work one of those
games we're talking about how well this
is gonna work for spider-man right and
and you don't necessarily see Doctor
Octopus with his octopus henchman that's
not a that's not a thing in the
spider-man universe
it could have a better system it's not
I'm gonna say it oh I'm gonna Sam Oh
prepare yourself oh it's not
stylistically designed to be that way
I'm not I'm not I'm not shitting on the
Arkham games
I'm just critiquing one aspect of them
and I think the games worked fine
without spectacular boss battles
we're the whole point of the Arkham
combat system it's just designed to make
you feel like a badass who beats up
large groups of people yes who are kind
enough to take you on one at a time and
not only a telegraph their attack would
have a bright glowing button above their
heads to be fair if you play on hard
they don't have that oh okay well though
and something the the the Batman style
the Arkham style combat is spider-sense
like that's all it is and that's why I
think it could work very well for a
spider-man game all right it depends on
how how much they want to shove those
QuickTime events in there now of course
that's big the big question
I remember I remember game
why is it that dendara can't walk
normally dan Dora is a celestial goddess
I think and I also think we're in space
the streetlamps behind you I think we're
on us big Space Station
the only answer you need is because this
is the way the game is designed right
all right right it's a game designed
around doing that around happen like
that yeah yeah I there I don't believe
there is a proper in-game explanation
right why can't you jump in ocarina of
time right
why can't you do that but can't like
jump why can't link just have a jump
button Yeah right he has to
automatically jump when he when you
almost fall off the cliff right right
who did because the game was designed
perfectly around having the auto jump
look perfectly crush it rushing in to
defend that okay now right off time it's
said anything mildly critical this this
is a game perfectly designed around
zipping along the walls jackass wasn't
saying the Zelda system was horrible you
dipshit yeah we worked you know what it
works sometimes and then when it didn't
work
oh god that's suck it's good to show
contempt for your audience look not only
one in the audience is stupid but I got
no patience for fools man
that's good I'm bison right
fighting the ghost of m.bison
Clarence heads his hi guys hi what was
the origin of people always sending
copies of Dookie also if you've heard
about Quincy Jones recent interview said
Richard Pryor and Marlon Brando or title
let's that's an interesting fact of true
really
I can't confirm this oh no I'm just
saying like he said that like me I I
don't I can't confirm that I'm saying
I heard about his interview I oh I only
heard about like apparently he was like
shit he was like shit talking the
Beatles and like just anyone he could
because he's like an old man now and
doesn't give a fuck
do keep doing this it's what's called
the world running joke what
whoa
brought Adam sevices found Adam
Sandler's says can't believe no one
asked you about this if you guys see the
space X livestream yesterday w landing
was brilliant and now there's a fucking
Tesla in space I did see that was just
amazing right I actually did not see
what happened SpaceX was testing out
their new rocket which can now take a
heavier payload up can I take a heavier
pay this one did not blow up on launch
it didn't they it's been a while since
one has blown up our launch so now that
now they can take heavier stuff up into
space right yeah and so this was the
test of their new mega rocket and they
needed something to test it with so Elon
Musk said fuck it take my cherry red
Tesla Roadster my sports car and send it
to space yeah and he did I mean it it's
just amazing free publicity for him so
his his car was orbiting the earth for a
while then he wanted to send it to orbit
Mars overshot it a little bit and so
there will be a red convertible in the
asteroid belt now okay which is
hilarious and then the two mega rockets
these you know these like mega rockets
took this Tesla and then the two ones
you know because they've reused the what
are they called the fuselages or
whatever they they come back and land in
perfect synchrony synchronicity it was
beautiful
good it was it was a beautiful day for
space travel and science and I know
everyone's everyone's pooh-poohing it
like not everyone but like oh we have
problems here and these days you know
rich man sends his car displays a fuck
yeah I did Richie can do whatever need
to advance we needs we need hope we need
to get better at getting out into space
absolutely we need as a fucking species
you know what else we need a little
fucking imagination up in here we need
we need some some people look into the
Stars again fuck yeah send your send
your roadster up there do it man do it
fucking do it so anyway it was a good
time though all this experimentation
with rockets is it is it going to be a
waste someday when we have a space
elevator maybe maybe this is what will
lead to the space elevator yeah you know
right now they have made getting things
to space cheaper faster with less risk
to human life like boom boobity boobity
boo
it wouldn't be any good for people
because the g-forces but just a fucking
giant railgun if I could just shoot
payloads directly into fucking space
just a massive fucking railgun Jerell
yeah I'm with you space elevators are
impractical until you build one and then
it's amazingly practical your cost of
going into spaces and at that point
nothing
this audit it would be cool but I don't
see what happening anytime soon
well no nothing's happening anytime soon
because we stopped carrying a bun God
it's yes and I guess that's what I'm
trying to say here is like this
motherfucker is igniting people's
imaginations sounds great yeah I support
it
Mack
the space elevator won't happen
what here look at that what why would it
happen
a cure for polio won't happen rich I
know just get up so just give up man a
man on the moon that won't happen
give up dingus because you can't build
it no we can't build it currently right
that doesn't mean it'll never happen
100 years ago we couldn't fly I guess we
put a hundred years ago yeah
120 years ago
Millennials I just don't want to go to
space to feel super on the phone I don't
I don't think that's morning that's
great that was a great old man marriage
yeah
oh you Millennials you don't want to go
to space
let's just go straight to start tricks
down transporters instead of building a
tower in Smith's yeah well
technologically we're considerably
closer to having an elevator that goes
into space so I think that's a practical
place to focus your attention sure sure
space is cold and dark like most
chapters
so this is what was when you go to the
planets
let's go
space is fun
I guess the planets
hey playing a predator that music was
really loud okay I feel like the music
got louder for the boss battle okay yeah
be repetitive if something's bothering
you let us know if we can do something
about it we will
not of missiles this would be a lot
easier with missiles I was probably
supposed to take his first form with
just my regular blaster and save my
missiles for this but I didn't so here
we are
and then it state says who brought this
up feel free to ignore yeah yeah y-yeah
yeah you would anyways yep
ever talk about the Superman comic
creators from back in the day
you mean sagale and Seagal and your
sister a couple times I not a regular
subject matter to that ends pretty
fucking depressing Lee yes the story if
most comic book creators ends very
depressing Lee it's true it's really
true I was reading a book about the
history of comics that focused on the
creators yeah it was so depressing I had
to stop reading it by the time it got to
the 80s I just had to stop
I believe it yeah I absolutely believe
it
the whole book of stories stories upon
stories of corporate entities prop
corporate entities profiting off of the
ideas of other people who died broke and
penniless not not fun times
yeah book history yeah I suppose that's
that's really any medium right Superman
made billions of dollars to go and
Chester died penniless yeah what was
that was that great documentary Batman
in a bill Batman a bill don't think I
basically created Batman Bob came took
all of the fucking credit and the money
yep yep and everything you really liked
about Batman created by some person
you've never heard of because of Bob
Kane the dick oh yeah good point
oh shit is that true about Bob Kane yeah
originally Batman was gonna have like a
red costume with some kind of like red
motorcycle helmet and then Bob Bill
Finger walked by and said no no no you
got to do this and then he drew Batman
on a whim
not a whit on a whim like like think
things like the Batmobile and the
Batcave and Robin and and the cowl and
the ears and the color scheme and the
way the cake looks with the swoop D
groups yeah basically the costume Hill
finger not Bob Kane so the entire
concept basically anything important I
think you know Bob Kane came up with the
name Batman right it's possible that
originally he was going to use a
baseball bat I'm not sure
whoa I can go on his face
when did the Batman become a ninja
probably the 70s when kung-fu was
becoming a thing yeah yeah that's good
coffee
oh you jump on him yeah I just I just
realized that
I have missiles now so this second zone
should go a little bit faster
we do it a jack no Matta misses it
actually ended up kind of a horse apiece
except for now I have significantly less
health because the missus got me over
the first area a lot faster and I lost
more help than that first day shit
sounds very low there another thing
after this
jump on his face again
trying to keep trying keep trying to
shoot him from the distance where it's
never going to work you need to you need
to be on yeah oh fuck
I'll send me I need to get better like
your your gun charges up and then
releases and I think I'm charging for
too long so thank you okay I think I
need to you know I can I can shoot
faster but there's no you know what
there's not there's not like a like it's
an alright there's not like a little
ding to say it's ready your gun like you
think Batman which game did everyone
enjoy more Arkham Asylum city or night
well the answer is definitely not night
and you should be throwing origins in
that list because origins is not a bad
Batman game by any means it's better
than night the Batmobile fucking ruins
night it does
I didn't like the Deadshot battle on
origins why not that's actually a neat
battle
it's another stealth one because they
realized that the combat system doesn't
work that great for boss fights ain't
got nothing on the mr. freeze battle but
it's pretty good
I didn't mind the batmobile harness -
honestly well man that's your Brendon
that's gonna try to do it I don't know I
can't disagree with that you liked it
but I can't stand the battle he'll man
it just shoves itself in that game just
shoves itself up your ass and it won't
go away and it wants to be the focus for
everything and it's obnoxious
I agree
looks like a cat yeah his head or that
was the eyes the way the nose is
highlighted did we took a cat bones
okay we got to help push him we got all
of our rockets I think the real key was
was a faster shooting that little
gameplay was fine by itself it was just
way too much of it yes
if you cut
80 maybe 85% of the Batmobile out of
that game you got the makings okay
son of a bitch go
dr. lu mitosis stealth reboot for star
wars idea Sith and Jedi origin story and
just keep making sequels to it until
remaking prequel trilogy original
trilogy and sequel trilogy
thank you for your tip but care ways
says hey guys I recently got into prereq
and have been enjoying the stream I was
wondering if richest ever played the MLB
the show games on his blood-borne box
and if he enjoys the series at this
point literally the only thing I have
the blood-borne box for yeah is
blood-borne right and I never really
played the bigs that was a Wii game
called MLB power pros that made two of
them okay only two but I enjoyed those a
great deal
it had a character crater where you can
make your own baseball player yeah but
it was done via like a little RPG mode
okay
there's a little story mode that you did
things that would increase various stats
that's how you that's how you created
your own player you did it by playing as
an RPG mini game okay power pros is
adorable
good good
all right no health lost all my missiles
on to the second section Jack please
focus all of our six I know I don't want
to redo this again either I'm with you
is this the final boss I really hope not
because we just haven't been playing
that long
you know they give you they give you the
little aim reticle thing so when you
jump in them have fun in your shooting
all my missiles
he's market oh they don't do that much
damage to me not really but I was
looking at the wrong thing early when I
thought we're doing a piece of damage I
guess I was looking at the missile
healthy how many missiles you I'd loved
everything that was thought that says
help oh my god you pretty close tag oh
no no how do they not hit you you fuckin
lucky son of a bitch I'll take it I'll
take it
do you need to get the little green
arrow before her win a platformer
conditioning for the distance no you
need the little green oh come on the
face
no not no badge now
fighting a losing battle here wait in
the losing battle here I'm not gonna win
damn it
look my love bird says alternative
history lesson number one
Lee Marvin played James Bond in the hit
1973 movie lived for fear what was it
like oh it was terrible
Lee Marvin was terrible bond there you
go
sure alternate history with you I don't
Kim know says I recently bought sonic
mania and played it for five minutes
before I remembered that I fucking hated
sonic games when I was a kid had
nostalgia ever misguided you when
revisiting games TV movies I was a
spider-man game I streamed once that
didn't hold up as well as I remembered
when I was a kid
sure
rebel bases hey guys what is the next
prereq episode me personally I would
love to see another retro review like
Zelda 2 or Sonic
maybe with Shadow of the Colossus remake
dual remaster versus remake episode are
you gonna answer what do you want me to
say well you know what the answer is
I've told you what my suggestion was
yeah yeah and I said I was cool then
we'll just do it yeah you wanna tell
them you want to I don't care you tell
them you were seem to be enjoying slay
the spire I'm enjoying it yeah it'll be
another you know one of those early
access deal because it's in early access
but yeah I might not do an episode on
slay this fucking shit
so yeah we're gonna be episode on slay
this fight we've been enjoying it why
not
I'd like to make sure you know you keep
up episodes regularly but I'm not
pushing anything Jack did you ever play
Superman spider-man 64 did you like it I
don't have any recollection of
spider-man since it was there a
spider-man 64 are you thinking of
Superman 64 they have to be figured
Superman 64 was never a spider-man 64
and if you think you threw out Superman
64 nobody likes Superman 64 it's
terrible Leyton horrible
one of the few things is objectively
terrible
isn't spider-man 64 just the ps1
spider-man I don't I don't think I've
ever gotten at least on the 64
anonymous says a final sales pitch for
Fallout New Vegas is to try out old
world blues you help brains and jars
that talk of television screens escape a
big empty crater that used to be a
military research base
apparently the PlayStation PlayStation 1
Spyder and didn't come out on the 64
according to Wikipedia I I have
literally never seen it that's complete
news to me I don't know how well it held
up but I can tell you at the time
I liked the PlayStation 1 version you
want to play this shit you could have
saved your slay the spire game you could
have finished that on stream your your
epic beat the game run but instead
you're gonna get your act ass kicked by
M Bisons head over and over again and
you know what that's just fuckin Karma
it's my fault it's my fault it's it's a
hundred percent my fault
can't upgrade it I can't upgrade
anything
Nana says I have a lifelong phobia of
the bugs so the pit scene in Jackson's
King Kong and the Rope scene and
Creepshow are unwatchable
have there been scenes in movies that
are too freaky for you and maybe still
are you mention those that you don't
mention anything about Temple of Doom do
another thing where she's got to reach
into the thing filled with blood to grab
oh yeah yeah and then as the spikes are
coming down like bugs are crawling all
over Indiana Jones - yeah I'm super
gross or like eating the the bug
intestines at the dinner scene yeah ton
of gross stuff in there
in the number of records obeah at the
end of that movie my little brother was
literally hiding under the seed oh oh
yeah
none of the songs
what if they sent you to a planet with
the only way you could move was to fire
a slingshot gun you could travel to
that's something you might be interested
in no fire dance ad says what would be
one of the worst sequels that hurt the
previous films and a franchise for real
for me it's still alien 30 it's garbage
then it's a garbage now well it's not a
movie but the only answer I could
possibly give to this is Mass Effect 3
that's the only answer they want yeah
cuz it actually does rule on the other
two right I can't think of many movies
where I couldn't just ignore the the
sequel I don't like yeah
fucking the aim is the aim is definitely
bothersome to me
I don't want to bring up Star Wars with
Rosie Star Wars well here's the thing I
can still enjoy the original trilogy
just fine the fact that prequels suck I
can just I could just ignore that they
exist and I'm fine yeah like I said with
with with the you know the original
trilogy yeah we got a beginning a middle
and an end so I got my closure I can i I
can compartmentalize that I can't do
that with Mass Effect because there
isn't there isn't that that says they
had a satisfying conclusion nope nope
that's that's that's how it ruins the
first two the first one's the closest
been like a standalone thing mm-hmm
it still felt like a funeral march final
one to play Mass Effect one oh sure
after three I didn't get out of the
first day Oh
you ever see a massive a movie or
Bioshock Bioshock
why are we still killing this big giant
head because I haven't killed him yet
dick Sullivan's dreaming for two hours
I've gotten pretty far in the game we're
good at it
hey Chad I think you got a lot of head
to look forward to here a lot of head we
just were not necessarily progressing in
a way I would like and I'm not I don't
see an end I don't see I don't see the
clearing here for the video game English
pretty sure they all suck
probably because good games weren't
designed to be cinematic experiences I
got you you m.bison fuck I'm gonna take
it I know you're being sarcastic but I'm
gonna take it I figured you're y'all
fighting that head for so long that the
clap should be proportional absolutely I
don't care I won that's that's legit
apology for being a little bit of an ass
just a little bit
it started off sincere and then I
thought I could make a joke out of it
but it started off sincere look I get to
talk to lazuli let's duel i Dan diorama
dearest you did it again this game have
manual saving no against all odds you
defeated Augustus in the past the salt
was in the beautiful piece oh how I
grieve for those days the diorama
I've lost my strength to five pleased
antara this is far from over
ALPA see those days again I can feel it
in the depths of my art that this is why
you were here
I take this
take this dendara the stone of creation
forged in the old days for exploring the
salt is carrier can leave further when
the creation device nearby this stone is
a fresh start of fact one of the last of
its kind
it'll help you reach the furder within
the salt oh I just like like it's like a
Canadian accent it's like a yooper
accent like oh you must rest now a tear
my dear I am exhausted I hope you
understand goodbye
anonymous sense hey you two what's up
hey hey YouTube Disney Corporation has
been following oh we really like your
style great we'd love for you to come in
and pitch us some ideas maybe we can
work together
absolutely okay hear me out okay
this is a this is maybe not a billion
idea Dylan dollar idea but millions
millions of dollar idea okay I'm with
you there's a lot of furries out in this
world right furries a lot of hurry's in
this world you take the Disney
characters alright and you license some
official Disney furry porn and they will
eat that shit up that's that's my Disney
Corporation pitch dragon officially
licensed furry porn and I guess how like
how would you differentiate this from
bootleg Disney fur it's got the Disney
logo on it right we're gonna put some
instructions on your shows yeah we're
gonna we're gonna get our best costume
designers we're gonna make the best
furry outfits I'll be honest with you
rich I don't think there's that big a
market for it but I like where you're
going I like where your head's at you're
thinking outside the box
so you want to play some splits fire you
know what you know what that's fine cuz
when I cut this up in youtube we can end
it on the Disney furry porn okay that
was the Dora
oh yeah yeah

[Part III]
okay okay there we go slay the spire
slay the spire you're playing the poison
one so I'll do the other one yeah
ah the ghost whale what do you like what
do you like ghost with minor oh no we
got her transformed two cards that could
be nice HP it's kind of a lot
oh yeah eight well eight max HP that's
ten percent of my health yeah yeah that
could be a lot gold is always good
upgrade a card as always no not now
they're starting cards but now you're
starting cards having some extra gold no
the upgrading I'm saying the upgrade
he's not worth it would be extra gold
that's fine oh yeah every once in a
while I'll try doing V like get have
random different relic and so far it's
never worked yeah yeah a lot of the
relics are crap that's why a lot of the
relics of crap
so like losing and you're starting relic
of gain HP after every battle is very
helpful it's not that great a during
these first stages I think it helps you
a great deal like the question marks but
I asked when I hit the campfire
look at that campfire I'm planning my
route and no planet planet do it do it
plant it work it stronger faster better
harder I'm sure this is super fun to
play but this this is super fun to play
believe it or not sometimes I was just
watching what was I just watching I was
watching an episode of shut up and sit
down about the board game hi I've ever
heard of this board game no it's a
two-player kind of chess like where they
have you know different pieces that each
have their own specific moves and then
it's just strategy of beating the other
players queen right yeah and and they
were saying on the show how you know a
lot of times when you when we show
footage of people playing a game it's
you know everyone talking and laughing
and having a raucous good time but the
only footage we can show you if us
playing this game is us staring at our
pieces yeah in complete silence and
sometimes that's a good game not every
game is gonna be a rowdy bombastic time
sometimes you're just staring at your
cards hive ya hive is a is a is a neat
board game it's like chess you have
little bug pieces that are hexagons and
you have to surround the the other
person's queen it's not an entertaining
game to watch we'll talk to you we're
here we're still doing shit
the nice thing about a game like this is
it's really easy to take a break from
like you don't even need to worry about
pausing it you just don't move and you
can stop stop and take a break you know
and I'll go with them okay well let's
see here anonymous says what I'm
concerned about with SpaceX
is it sets a dangerous precedent where a
private company led by one rich guy can
get more done than any country giving
them a free rein with little
accountability you know a little push
and pull
you see you sound like a person who does
not much care for libertarian ideas
which is fair which is fair I mean as
far as we know everything that Elon has
done has been by the book
and he has what you do and you know he
is still operating within the system
ya better transform that shit I like I
like that MC Lukas maybe the country
should get off their ass and get people
to space and stuff instead of Ilana and
I agree but hey we got a we got a we
have a sports car in space at the moment
and that's fuckin great
now alums working within the system he's
all of all of his eyes are dotted all of
his T's are crossed he's figuring it out
he's figuring it out let's see here what
we got here Keyser Hawk says rich yeah
you say the Arkham games are terrible
for boss fights yes but what would but
what would do you look for in a boss
fight that you would consider
interesting good like literally any
other game you've played that's had good
boss fights I know I don't I don't know
if you actually understand what I'm
saying
I'm the Arkham games yeah are by design
it's to make you feel like a badass as
you agree to beat up large groups of
enemies yes it's not built for you to
fight one large thing the combat adjust
with the counters and what it doesn't
work as well sure I don't I don't know
that there's an ideal this is well this
is the only system for fighting for
bosses possibly it's just that that one
doesn't particularly work well for it
well you've said you've liked like the
mr. freeze fight which is a stealth
that's stuff that has nothing to do with
the combat system well you know
something we've said a lot we've we've
repeated something a lot which is the
best boss fights are utilizing the same
mechanics in the rest of the game
they're just harder right and so the mr.
freeze boss fight utilizes the stealth
gameplay in the rest of the game yes
it's a great boss but it's harder I love
the mr. freeze fright but we're talking
about the arkham combat specifically i
don't know you said boss fights what do
you look for in boss fights no one
specific thing yeah like you know i
think i think a great example is
something like blood-borne where with
every boss fight in blood-borne you're
doing the same shit that you're doing
with you know a one zombie they're just
bigger or and harder or how do you make
batman archvillains and a great
one-on-one boss fights many of them
aren't brawling villains which is why it
works for the Arkham games because the
Batman is a detective he finds the Joker
beating up the Joker isn't necessarily a
problem it's a system that works fine
for what it what it is yeah
that's right it's about fun maybe you
guys just don't understand Batman I feel
like that's that's an issue here like I
like the Arkham games I even like the
combat in them I'm just saying that
doesn't work that well for for boss
fights I don't know it doesn't I'm not
even necessarily saying it has to I'm
saying if you want fun boss fights the
Arkham combat is not not what I'm
looking towards yeah well and you know
the the the farce awakens to bounce back
to Elon Musk the farce awakens is saying
we're talking about a man who just
wasted four thousand pounds of cargo
space to brand Mars's orbit with his car
I don't believe he wasted that space as
this rocket was a test flight so it's
not like he would be carrying up
valuable cargo anyway he wanted to put
something in the Rockets that if it
exploded wouldn't cost him extra money
so he put his own car in there as a
publicity stunt sure but these were just
a test of the Rockets
so I don't I don't believe there was any
way a.m. waste in space you gotta gotta
put something in there then he's just
having a little fun with it
did I see the Super Bowl trailer for
Jurassic world - nope I didn't know they
had one I didn't I didn't watch a Super
Bowl I I'm you know seeing some of the
commercials on the internet but you know
like the the guy from stranger things
doing the tag commercials as cute thing
oh no he did a whole he did a whole
thing where we're tied snuck into other
people's commercials
yeah snooze neat very Mema tastic I've
been seeing a ton of people slip tide
net like like it was one of those
commercials where they were definitely
going for a let's hope people lob onto
this funny idea and basically do our job
for us and make their own Tide
commercials by slipping tied products
into other things and it worked like
gangbusters that's all the Internet has
been doing this week is slipping tie
branding into already established stuff
man nope it's a time commercial haha I'm
doing the joke - no you're you're
playing into their marketing over having
fun huh if they're having fun does it
matter no no it doesn't matter it
reminds me a lot of those Doritos take
over the Superbowl commercial things you
remember that no Doritos a few years ago
Doritos was like hey submit your Doritos
commercial and if we like it enough
we're gonna use it in a Super Bowl and
you you know buddy internet person could
create our Super Bowl and so they got
you know gajillion submissions and then
a very popular thing on the Internet is
this was my rejected Doritos ad it was
too much for the Doritos corporation so
they rejected it and you know more funny
but it was just basically Doritos going
like oh we just got free advertising and
we don't have to be liable if anyone
Sue's anyone you know
for them doing dangerous or dumb shit
right
Jack comes off as someone who thinks
youyou HTC's scar you probably meant to
admit the types of mail you type the
jack comes off as someone who thinks
smarter than everyone I think what you
meant to say is you that's not the
comment you want to fuck up that's not
the comment you want to fuck up yeah but
no yeah I definitely think smarter than
everyone so thanks for saying so cuckoo
bird you can't make that kind of typo
that was that was not what you meant to
type but that's fine well you just got
owned by Jack how sad is that
think about it for a second you're big
I'm smarter than Jack Jackson idiot and
he fucking poles for like grammatical
errors I make fun of you for grammatical
errors you think about that
Jack and brain good Jack and brain good
right what do we got here doo doo doo
doo
anonymous says rich is too nice thank
you
she's too nice rich
Patton Oswalt said you have to respect
other people's beliefs no you don't look
you have to acknowledge everyone's
belief and then you have to reserve the
right to go are you kidding me okay yeah
I'll agree with that yeah yeah that's
fair yeah you don't have to you don't
have to respect anyone you just gotta
you know not be a total dickhead to them
at all times
shilling dazed cars me yeah with nothing
Jack I like I like it that's classic
that's classic fill your hand with
useless garbage classic cards are
useless garbage to begin with I'm not
having a good run I don't need the game
to make it harder that's how it works
room ramesses hey rich I'm Jack longtime
fan of both of you and your streams I
was wondering what would be your
favorite Beatles albums if you had one I
don't have a specific favorite Beatles
album I'm sorry yeah once we take the
Beatles I don't know what sound what
album I know there's funny a good Beatle
songs but I don't I don't know what's on
what I'm sorry are you ready for some
internet hate yeah I don't terribly care
for the Beatles Wow I under I understand
their significance to rock and roll and
music in general just not my thing just
not my thing I'm sorry I'm and yeah I'm
very very sorry I just that never got
into him I like a lot of the artists who
were inspired by the Beatles but there's
not a thing
I'm not having any cards that are like
wow well it but wow I'm getting old you
you have to remember rich sometimes the
smartest choice is to choose none of the
cards to take well I got I got nothing
at all I need something I need something
I can't just keep the starter cards
because I'm not finding anything I like
hmm I got a I got I have to make this
work
yeah I know a lot of cheap card so I
need I need carbs that get me
multiple card like I got a lot of these
zero cards yeah yeah yeah so I need more
hands at a times what I did okay so you
need cards that'll allow you to draw
cards and get more you got you got to
play to your strengths yeah I'm with him
that's right my name is Tate and
sometimes the smartest choice is to wait
for your friend to see your cards and
tell you what to do so you can win
that's absolutely true I still won so
I'll take it that eventually sometimes
that happens like I get so we focused on
on my on my strat that I don't see I
don't see the forest for the trees you
know
did you did it fish I didn't know yeah I
don't know maybe then ain't done jack
shit
great anonymous says we want another
heavy dialogue game you guys to do
characters for otherwise we are all
quitting prereq forever
we decided gimme what I won't yeah we'll
do that another time
and in general we like doing the voices
James as a fun you know we don't know
when words do the plant will playing a
card game now that's the game we're into
at the moment I don't like you know I'd
know that to be true but I want them to
be happy it's nice to be happy
do you know do you guys know if they are
planning to release this game on GOG I
do not know it's in early access at the
moment on Steam so I don't know if steam
has some sort of fun GOG game of course
but do you think steam has any sort of
like if you go early access with us
there's an exclusive period or behind
the scenes with something right I would
have no idea I have no idea either so I
just don't know who's the developer
who's the developer ask him ask him on
the Twitter who makes this game
what they call
hold on we're gonna find out
mega crits M eg a CRI T mu that's why at
the start of each combat draw two
additional cards and that's exactly what
I need
nice right mega crit I got the
beginnings of a strategy so go ask them
these anchor cards they might work for
me yeah yeah much money do I go you can
you can ditch a weak card maybe pick up
I think I just have to embrace weak
cards I need something that gives me
extra draws I need right that's a good
one well no no but you can get rid of
like you can get rid of one of your like
basic attack cards and then you make
more room in your deck in your hands for
the good cards that you want right right
but that's 75 bucks deal 10 damage if
this kills a non minion enemy gain three
permanent max HP yeah could be good I
know it's it's decent it's I mean it's
it's not terrible I mean is it so he's
not three the problem is threes not that
much behind a grand scheme of things
it's ten damage for just one energy oh
no I I like this car I'm probably gonna
buy it I'm just I won't have enough
that's one forty eight let's see do I
want to actually just get rid of any of
this anything you get rid of just frees
up space for for the cards you want in a
possible hand
did I mix up deck and hand again I do
that often
oh yeah blinking white like if if he can
get that right card that's potentially
three plus max HP out of every battle
and this and he's still in world one
hears potentially here's what I'm
looking for yeah I got these anger cards
I have two of them which is nice yeah
every time I use them they make copy of
themselves and they go onto my deck yeah
so I need something that gets me a lot
of cards my hands my cycle through my
deck faster yeah and then I get a whole
bunch of free use anger cards and I want
I want that fucking head bud card
because the headbutt lets you take
something out of your discard and put it
in you I can just keep getting more more
I got a friend thousands of anger cards
I like it I like it there are only six
damage but they cost nothing to use okay
so I need a ton of those maybe one or
two things that are like just big-time
attack damage or maybe just more defense
cards to go along with all the anchor
cards I'm gonna have probably defense
carbs yeah I'll go with this anger
strategy but I want a headbutt to make
this really work great so I'm thinking I
got I got the makings of the vague
makings of something that'll probably
collapse on me absolutely for the next
boss fight you have it you have you have
a strategy and then you have to
immediately ditch that strategy when
it's not working or you get a different
card right
say unfortunate I didn't get any my zero
carbs none of the cards you want none of
the cards I want yeah shit happens man
yeah someone apparently asked to make a
crit about bringing the game to gog and
they said they are steam focused at the
moment early access which is fair but
perhaps when the game is done being
developed they all think of other
distribution anonymous says hey rich yes
you know what my favorite stream boss
fight is that you have ever had he had
big sacks he had hard wood and it was
honestly impressive you stuck it out and
took him down in the end big sacks
hardwood are they just making a dick
joke or was there an actual boss fight
which were you referring to or is it
just a dick joke oh the tree guy from
Dark Souls 3 oh yeah okay tree nuts tree
balls he was great
let's see here hey guys love the stream
important question what is the best
cheese to use in a grilled cheese
sandwich
cheddar American Kraft singles or
something I haven't thought of your
choice
you know what experiment round you
called me a purist but those craft Sigma
singles melt real nice Oh
Kraft yep Kraft singles Kraft that's
solidified oil
nothing gets gooey er nothing gets gooey
or and a grilled except for real cheese
that you buy at a fucking deli no I like
the Kraft singles get your cheese from a
deli don't buy the question here here's
the thing if I'm just eating cheese like
if I'm just gonna have some cheese on
crackers
yukio you get them you get them real
nice cheese right you making a grilled
cheese sandwich out you want a gooey you
want to melty I like the Kraft singles I
do
millions of Frenchmen cried out in pain
they didn't know why do it do it cry and
pain I I enjoyed cheese but you know
it's it's a grilled cheese sandwich
nice nice jack is more of an Eggman I
definitely more of an egg man you know
me love my eggs alright you gotta kill
him where else he runs away with you
money nicely done nicely done rich okay
we done yes yes Yugi again to max health
that's pretty good
no I did yes dr. livid Akhter lube it up
wants to say speaking of Elon Musk have
you heard what he's doing in South
Australia the world's biggest
lithium-ion battery and 50,000 batteries
and solar panels for South Australian
residents he offered the giant battery
in the states in a hundred days or it's
free the build was fifty Cent completed
before the hundred days started yes and
apparently it's it's doing so well that
that the way Australia is going to
handle its energy has completely shifted
yep also he's apparently doing a bunch
of work theoretical work a prospective
work in Puerto Rico after the the big
storms I mean if so many people are
still out of power he has you know said
hey let's talk about working on your
infrastructure rebuilding it with solar
panels so the next time of a thing like
this happens we can you know get you
back on your feet faster with solar
power mm-hmm it's exciting times
exciting exciting times
let's see here anonymous I see your tip
see it not gonna read it
true blue review says speaking of ads
commercial ads did you see what was
deemed the worst Superbowl ad they used
a speech from dr. King to compare his
words and human accomplishments to their
trucks also Hyundai had kids with cancer
I saw I didn't see the actual commercial
but I saw the people reacting to the dr.
King truck commercial and and yeah like
I get it they were trying to be
respectful they apparently got
permission from dr. King's living family
yeah which is great that's you know it's
it's great but someone somewhere along
the line said do you guys think this is
a good idea like Mick mixing the most
famous civil rights leader with our
truck commercial thinking is hard
thinking thinking is really hard
I agree rich thinking is very hard
still seems that exactly Lord Beats it's
a it's a tacky move and it's a someone
it's one of those movies where you would
like to think that someone somewhere
would shut it down ooh look at burning
pact you have to exhaust one card though
which means it doesn't come back for the
rest of the battle it cost me one to do
it and it cost you wanted to do it I
don't know
Kaine Kraft says everybody loves the
voices so I'm in the minority here but I
feel like the demand to do them got in
the way of simply enjoying the genre of
text adventure games Jackson thew Z
Azzam that was so infectious well I
think that's part of it like doing the
voices and figuring out the puzzles is
all part of it I think we got a did we
that we did Space Quest too right yes
yeah we did space question three
so no use face quest three is what's
next
I need to start grow some of these
mister glitch is saying in the very same
speech MLK goes off on a rampant
consumerism even using luxury car is
one-upmanship as an example so like
later in the speech he's like don't own
a nice car and they use that speech the
car commercial come on guys come on guys
upgrading yeah that's a nice card
especially when you have multiple
enemies the Thunder clapping I don't
think I have a deck that's worthy to
take out this boss you know yep
alright that's fair I just simply don't
it's not there
not these two IVs right oh shit like if
I can last long enough yeah you might be
able to eat get out and yeah look at
that no I'm not going to
oh yeah he's not to fuck you up
show them that first got to make sure to
hit him hit him with vulnerable first oh
oh you made him clam up yeah that's nice
yeah
you made him clam up
jack is looking very rusty venture
tonight that adventure brothers they're
looking very rusty tonight yeah go to
things starting maybe got a little bit
of a beard going he's bald with the
goatee okay I got a little bit of a
beard going I was in a rush yesterday
and I needed to shave and I'm gonna how
many how many people you encounter on
the way home who needed help on the side
of the room rode today none today none
but no yesterday I was in a rush and I
and I was leaving the house and I needed
to shave because you know like I was
gonna be seen out in public and so I
didn't have time for the whole shebang
so I just did my head and trimmed up the
beard to save me like that 15 minutes it
takes shaving the beard and yeah I kept
it you know me and beards it's gonna be
gone as soon as I start itching it but
it's here for a little bit
anonymous I see your tip I see it
certainly not gonna read it
but thanks we appreciate it
wonderful Jack and rich think of Black
Panther I'm really excited for Black
Panther I haven't seen it I also have
not seen it I'm excited
mostly because I really liked Creed and
Brian Kuebler
I want to say that's the director's name
koogler is doing Black Panthers so I'm
super excited am I allowed to not be
super excited you're allowed to not be
super excited about any movie that's
kind of okay I was just curious
I'm just curious you're allowed to not
be super excited because I know
superhero fatigue another Marvel movie
that's fine I like superhero movies and
I like Ryan Coogler so I'm down I'm in
it
if you're rich beating any act three
bosses I did I beat the AK free boss no
I have not you have not yet okay just
barely I only look this is only like my
sixth seventh run through the game okay
I got last night okay
we watched black cougar on best anyways
I can tell you all about black cougar
it's the only superhero that's there for
the kids
rich you're supposed to look bored right
about now cuz I'm about to talk hey Kane
Kraft wants to know who my favorite
overwatch heroes are to play well
there's you know there's several I I am
actually I really like Zarya and I like
mercy mercy is a great main healer
obviously super badass she just got a
mega nerf and so she's not as fun to
play as she was on just a little bit ago
but also a little bit ago before the
nerf she was a demon from Hell that
could stop any team even though she's
very situational I love Symetra setting
up her little slow down traps and her
beam gun that gets stronger the longer
it's on someone I think Symetra is a
great character really fun and very
useful she's often not used on offensive
maps in a payload situation but I think
she can be really helpful you put a
couple of your sentries on the payload
and that'll just fuck up anyone trying
to stop the payload and you know her
teleporters still worked great no matter
where they are I've been picking up I've
been picking up fara more I feel like a
lot of people aren't playing fair right
now for some reason
and she's great just get up high and hit
everyone with rockets and I've also been
trying to learn the cream
and McCree is a I don't quite have him
yet you know he's a hitscan hero and my
aim isn't the super greatest but he has
a lot of potential so I'm trying to
learn machrie moor and I'm trying to use
Reinhardt more but there's I mean every
that's the the joy of overwatch is there
are so many heroes where you can you can
just try a new hero and and really learn
a hero and it's a whole new game I
really wants to get into doom fist but I
don't feel like I'm mentally prepared
yet but I've seen some people play it as
doom fists and they absolutely wreck
everyone it's just punch slam shoot
rising uppercut and I just don't know
how to even react to do fist
and that's it that's that's all I have
about
for the Thampi
death thousand cuts none of these do
that much damage but they're free and I
got a ton of them yeah yeah exponential
growth I hate this sharp-eyed I just
have to have to just batter through it
yeah but what does he hate you for every
time with three well I got here I got 18
okay
28 38 38 let's just do it do it yeah
yeah we'll be fine
oh wait wait wait yeah you got it hit
him with the ocean in the feed you got
it you got it
ah I'm already there already there you
aren't you you've already got it BAM
nice nicely done max HP raised and full
health way to go
you did it that have worked real well if
I had cards that raised my strength yeah
no that's that's an awesome card that is
an awesome guy it's an awesome car I
don't have anything to really utilize
properly the zero cards with a heavy
hitter like bludgeon though I could I
can make better use of that absolutely
hit him with a couple little ones yeah
and get the big hit and hit him with the
big hit yeah yeah gain energy at the
start of each turn whenever you open an
on boss chest obtain a curse interesting
some extra energy points max HP is
lowered by 20% whenever you lose HP draw
one card
no wait what's 20% of 89 enough enough
is it 65 is what I mean that's what I
think something like that you'd be left
with 71 you'd be left with 71 and your
max HP is raised you know with that card
and you get sort of a bitch I think I
have too and if you get hit you draw a
card that's exactly what you want yeah I
know I know yeah oh yeah he didn't need
to pick any you don't need to pick items
if you don't want to but I think that's
a good item pyramid the pyramid has you
drawing less cards over time and I'm
going with cheap cards that I can use a
lot of yeah the pyramid I don't think
that works for me Rich's whole strat is
about cycling through his deck as fast
as possible
my name is Tate is it wants to give you
a fair warning it's a little too late
warning but uh yeah
remember rich you are now taking advice
from a man who couldn't understand the
benefits of multiplication to be fair I
understood the benefits of
multiplications I just didn't do the
math so - she asked me why you didn't
understand the benefits of
multiplication I understood the benefits
I just didn't think we would get us
there 30 - I think we can take one out
now exactly one oh no that's right now
dumb dumb so dumb yeah yeah so dumb that
was pretty dumb sorry it's alright
it's paid off already oh yeah
have I seen pink flamingos ages ago ages
ago I'm not I'm not a huge John Waters
fan there there's a couple John Waters
movies that I really like including
serial mom love Syria mom I think that's
brilliant but especially his early work
I'm not a I'm not a huge John Waters fan
but I saw ages ago
like everyone everyone who's a film buff
eventually watches pink flamingos and to
see that the lady eat the dog poop no
because the lady's dog poop in a movie
I've heard you know maybe I don't need
to see that Devine is a lady absolutely
your you want to call divine not a lady
that's up to you that's your funeral
we're go see if there's any water I'll
be I'll be right back you go do that
Jack
you go fucking you go right ahead and
fucking do that you mother fucking piece
of shit
I don't like he's battled I don't like
it
we already discussed the solo trailer
cuz it was so proud of my god gotta talk
about know these you the things that
soldier nope I saw it I just don't care
to talk about it
I'm soul winning I'm solo
here's it here's what I'll say about the
Han Solo trailer here's what I'll say
about in in a realm of excitement for
movies I try not to pay too much
attention to the movies that you know
like the Star Wars movies like yeah
maybe I'll say it maybe all right I knew
very little about the Han Solo movie
besides the whole Lord and Miller
kerfuffle
and I'm not super excited to see it
because I don't care about Han Solo's
origin after I saw the trailer I
realized that Emily Clark the lady from
Terminator Genisys and Game of Thrones
is in the Han Solo movie now I care even
less
I think she's terrible I think she's a
very bad actress yeah I just can't I
can't and I don't I can't and I don't
care
and now Emilia Clarke is that what her
name is whatever whatever the fuck her
name is
I think she's bad and I don't like her
in acting things and here she is acting
in things interesting
nope Oh do I have to take one of these
apparently fuck yeah fuck well just take
the cane you can get rid of it
next oh yeah look you're going to a shop
yeah yeah it's waste of money yeah yeah
what head but I want head but yeah well
yeah I know you want a head button now
you need at least a hundred bucks if you
want to get rid of that I know just just
you know saying that out loud
I want head button I hear you that you
want head button I think that's you know
reasonable want
what it what is ahead but enrich the
chat wants to know ahead but does this a
decent amount of damage like mine they
thought what your strength is that yeah
but more importantly it lets you grab a
card out of your discard pile and put it
on the top of your deck which those
cards I'm trying to duplicate it would
let me duplicate them very quickly hmm
han Solo do you see Emily Falcon I think
I think Colin brought up a really good
point Colin from Canada yeah on his
Twitter brought up a really good point
which is it was a side by side picture
of the Falcon that they showed in the
trailer and a picture of the Falcon from
a new hope and it got really dirty in a
very short amount of time like in the
solo trailer it is glistening White's
and in a new haut hope it looks like
someone shat all over the walls always
been a piece of shit good just a ship
this is a piece of shit shit of course
you got a risk at home if you ever
really want to win big Jack alright see
this card spot weakness an enemy intends
to attack gain three strengths mm-hmm
shove that in a deck anymore that that
Limit Break card yeah doubles your
strength use that a few times
save your Limit Break card during a long
battle when you got like fucking eight
strength from that break out the Limit
Break sixteen fucking strength yeah
that's nice right I guess stick to the
strap I got a stick let's work over the
cards I got mm-hmm
there's hope we find head button here
yeah dat's funny cards I couldn't
fucking get it not a lot actually not a
lot of good cards here well that's not a
bad card well I'm just saying for your
strats there's not like is there any
like you got to shrug it off which isn't
bad this isn't bad either
Plex isn't bad but shrug it off is gain
eight block and draw card that's a
really good that's a really good safety
card it's very good safety card you get
you get that shield and you have a whole
card drawing strap I'll probably take
that Oh is there a pummel strike -
that's a good one I never had that one
was that there nine damage and draw a
card so he like you know more on the
damage and a thing but horse apiece
that's a good one
I could use more defense in general
yeah that's where we died because I
didn't heal that turn what I should have
you know I really should have but why do
all the cards cost one or two because
you only get three energy yeah this is
all I haven't spent like you say I've
got cards in here that cost zero which
is why I'm I'm looking for things that
expand your hand and then I could just
use a ton of cards at once what's gonna
what's gonna give me the most bang for
my buck here well you know you have you
have that bash which remember makes your
enemy vulnerable which means your next
attack I'm just just reminding you
nothing you have it costs too much
it does it cost way too much Ocelot like
I'm probably well looks I only have two
strikes it's probably better to use bash
right now but I mean like if I had three
strikes I'm all said and done if I'd be
doing me more damage than oh yeah I'm
with you
well I'm done with the enemy losing
strength I think that's permanent -
right mmm I don't know
oh did it exhaust yeah oh yeah then yeah
then it's permanent
let's see what we got here we have a
lumen luminescence 9 says you guys
talked about Reno earlier Reno is rad
it was 65 and sunny today 300 sunny days
per year Tahoe and Burning Man nearby
great hiking and hot springs and slot
machines in our grocery stores ain't
nothing wrong with with Reno the biggest
little city in the world that's fine
anonymous I see your tip right there I
can read it but I appreciate it
thank you do you do you appreciate they
keep giving us money even though I've
repeatedly not read what they wrote so
the this is the yeah we're not reading
that I'm sorry and so like your your
juvenile attempted humorous they failed
shockingly got written that a couple
times and then they reworded it to take
out the specifics and I'm still not
gonna read it it's crazy but you know
thanks for the money really appreciate
okay web rex says hey jack
what is your alcoholic beverage of
choice right now I'm sipping on a
bourbon and coke and I'm feeling pretty
tipsy here's some money for the good
game plan currently I've been I've been
getting really into rye whiskey rye
whiskey which is very tasty and you need
very little of it to have a good time
and so you know a little rye whiskey
over ice I had a party not too long ago
and you know a bunch of people over
brought out all my alcohol you know and
all the mixers and I brought out the rye
whiskey and then I had just you know
regular whiskey like Jack Daniels and
whatnot and I caught someone using my
nice rye whiskey to mix with coke
instead of using the Jack Daniels and it
took every ounce of my strength not to
yell at that person yeah I got you you
don't want to be a bad host and you
don't want to be a jerk because they've
already mixed it right but you know
they're there there's there's nice
whiskey and then there's mixin whiskey
and they used my nice whiskey it with
their coke
but it was it was upsetting very
upsetting very nice so you know just
having some nice whiskey maybe some red
wine at the moment - nothing I mean
right now water and coffee but I've been
I've been pretty basic with my drinks
lately you got it yeah I got it you got
it we got the head but you have 31
health left
Oh oh nice nice you did it what makes
rye whiskey regular from different
whiskey
I don't know dark matter
I don't know it's tastier obviously the
word rye isn't it so we have to assume
that that has something do you know that
does something different oh my god you
are
get mold for slightly less if you defend
yeah or I could knock off half his
health
close to half his health yeah yeah I'm
taking a tack damage game three block
block gain increases as valuable as
figured resets at three at the start of
your turn
alright so you don't want to do a bunch
of little of attacks you want to do one
run you want to do the big attack with
this guy anyway
fucking yep yep that's pretty good he
got you to draw a bunch of cards that
was nice
I was nice
desk raven 88 says sorry for all the bad
jokes i do genuinely genuinely love you
guys keep on truckin in the free world
that's craven we appreciate that even
even with the bad jokes
we appreciate the very nice
thank you thank you
it looks like the characters from this
game are on a stage in a play or some
crap yeah next turn yeah you know we're
totally killing this guy next turn
everything's fine everyone let's see him
oh well great yeah you know it's it's
funny because like the enemy vain' even
stuff like the animations are clearly
not done yet in this game but it doesn't
matter because the core gameplay is
there excuse me yeah you win you win
another bludgeon you have zero cards and
the bludgeoned and that headbutt yeah
way to go it's the way to go
that's great rich now you just got to
hold out this game get a thumbs up yes
yep already working out for me
I guess the Stratus to take the bird out
first right oh I was dumb wow I could
have just killed him flat out with us
that was dumb yep well he still you
still want to kill him always flying so
that wouldn't okay I get him he's gonna
buff flight he takes half damage right
that is true I thought that knocked him
to the ground though like if you do
enough damage isn't that knocking to the
ground I don't know I have to kill him
shortly yeah
yeah
hey I was enough you did it I really
enjoy the Paper Mario games rich if you
played the Paper Mario games a lot of
the only one I've played is Super Paper
Mario and I liked it yeah it's good
this is a little different than the
Paper Mario games obviously the it's a
lot different the the battle style looks
this least at least than the one I play
let me amend that
oh no no they're all they're very
different they're you know paper Mars
are like yeah turn turn based RPG geez
this is you know very very different
yep
it's alright cycling through cycling
through yeah you're doing it I need to
start moving cards so I can get those a
cycle faster absolutely yeah but he's
gonna hit you yeah you don't have any
well I guess I can't use the bludgeon
but I'll survive
yeah that's nasty yeah oh my god rich
you're you're very close to Daddy
really you're very I did not notice
you know what I've not seen any of the
Cloverfield movies have you seen any of
the Cloverfield movies I haven't seen
the original I didn't see 10 Cloverfield
Lane I did not see the new Netflix one I
just don't care although I hear 10
Cloverfield Lane is very good but you
know John Goodman shit shit
you lost yeah wait wait no you have an
explosion you can get them
oh good took a call Jack and Collin
yeah live at 3:00 but 9l9 now and you
don't have anything if you're already
looking at removing cards yeah I'm hurt
to see what they were at the start of
your turn lose 15 block rather than all
about that's a nothing nothing nothing
card yeah we got some health back shop
Oh not enough I don't know for that
because it costs more every time yeah
your five coin away
I do wish and I know this would this
would break you know a lot of the
balance of the game but I wish there was
a way to sell something at the shop just
every once in a while just like two
cents away I know and not you know you
obviously can't sell cards because
getting rid of a card cost something but
even at you know selling a relic or
something
what does drop on curb that doesn't hurt
me yeah ii dreamer TK rich can't get rid
of any cards he can't afford to remove
any cards and he couldn't get the start
wait what
I wonder if it's worth it just to have
some extra defense but it's you know if
you get those zero cards you get block
and do damage which could be good no do
it yeah save your money
save your money or remove your cards at
the next one I want to hear yeah that's
very possible that's very very possible
place one card from your hand on the top
you discard pile just forgetting from
the deck quicker yeah so you can put
strug it off on it
I'll wait there anyway yeah that's up
here drop pile so that means you get
that next next hand okay yeah how many
floors are there in this game currently
there are three there are three floors
or worlds or whatever confusion oh yeah
I'm not bad that's actually really not
bad and you get a free strike I can deal
with this this hand you can do as am
nice that's still zero all right we're
in the makings confusion is a really fun
feeling randomizes the cost of cards
yeah so can either hurt or help yeah
sometimes your free cards now costs
three or four but your three or four
ones can also it cost zero so it's it's
not necessarily a good but sometimes
it's fun oh look at this what zero zero
zero oh that's just a bunch of free
defense right there oh that's that's
that's what I like that's helpful that
kind of sucks my head but is no super
expensive yep
you do that if you do your battle trance
you know oh my god we got your blood Jim
you got at the end of your turn
oh then that's a that's a renewing so
yeah but he's doing enough damage it's
not gonna help me enough the cost is
high enough I'd rather do damage now
yeah yeah I'd rather hit with a
bludgeoned I like it I like it
all right where do we got here what are
we gonna what about meadow mama nope
anonymous says if I can plug a thing
anonymous wants to plug a thing Adult
Swim does live stream does a live stream
show on their website from their Atlanta
office every weekday my favorites are
stupid morning bullshit and fish center
they deserve more viewers Adult Swim
does live streams plug away Anonymous is
hijack you've mentioned your affection
for crazy 90s superhero movies the
shadow the Phantom I'd remake the shadow
with keep Peter Capaldi as though I'd
remake the shadow with Peter Capaldi and
the Phantom with Donald Glover
any thoughts dream cast one Donald
Glover is good in anything so I'm okay I
don't actually I don't think he would
make a good phantom the you know I think
when I think of the Phantom I think of
of someone who's very like Errol Flynn's
like big and bombastic and you know like
old-school hero and so I don't think
Donald Glover would be great for that
and I don't know enough about Peter
Capaldi whether or not he'd make a good
shadow I
I just don't know his Lando is going to
be very small voiced I don't know what
that means
well she was a card 200 all right
by Clem by Clem over the cheaper ones or
what sir okay can I go back and just see
what are helped us in twelve you have
taught you oh this should hurt yeah yeah
yeah I don't need the thunder bludgeon
to kill her I should probably keep
duplicating my angers absolutely
absolutely
I have not seen Atlanta yet though I
it's on my list of things to see
it's on my list she's got a shitload of
defenses here she does now you gotta use
that punch wait wait wait wait wait what
you get hit for if you have any defense
no no you don't like you're about to get
hit hold on hold on oh wait wait rich
what you have a poison potion yeah what
is it poison her for that poison doesn't
get applied to her shield good call Jack
I'm proud of you jack
I'm proud of you so she's gonna die now
he's proud of me that's all I need I
think I'd like to thank everyone for for
helping me out all right now what can
you do with that motherfucker
cuz he's gonna hit you for 14 nothing
right I could deal then just do a
shitload of damage on him that's I guess
what you have to do there's no way I'm
getting past the boss what are the other
potions strengthened wow that could have
helped energy wait wait with two extra
energy I need to I need to I'm not gonna
kill him it's not worth using well
that's what I'm just doing made in there
seven and 17 I need more than that I get
I get three block Jax
that's fine this is work it's heavy
yeah I never fucked but kind of totally
just do it all the potions I'd love to
have this stuff in the boss I'm not I'm
not going to now that's sucks
oh shit I'm done yeah showed that if you
did that first you might have been able
to beat him that's fine
oh that was a fine run a fine run I am
slain Jack you are slain you Wayne you
wasn't prepared for this
yeah I didn't like the strategy I was
forced to do early anyway ah let's see
here the rebel base says Jack are you
interested in crossing Souls I like the
game art style a lot but I'm not sold on
the gameplay I have never heard of
crossing souls which have you heard of
crossing solo I'm not I have I honestly
have no idea what crossing souls is
crossing we we caught up on tips oh no
should I go one more round or should we
just end you tell me you have you 9:30
what started at 6:00 I'll go one more
round it's an action-adventure video
game in development by Spain based indie
development studio for attic and
published by devolver I've never heard
of it I've never heard of crossing Souls
before you wrote it here in the tip
rebel base all I can do this connects in
says hey rich and Jack question what are
your what the way what are your thoughts
on making your own food versus buying
pre-made food I'm lazy I usually get
premade yeah yeah that's fair
I I do the I do my I do crazy meal prep
I I have my refrigerator most of the
time is filled with tough water dishes
because mostly I eat the same meal at
every meal every day and so it's just
like eggs spinach and lentil I have six
Tupperware's each with
three hard-boiled eggs some some spinach
and some lentils so I just pop that in a
skillet in the morning and I'm good to
go
I usually make one monster bowl or one
monster pot of chili for a week so I
have a lunch and then I make a bunch of
chicken breasts and broccoli and stuff
so like yeah I make I make all my own
food and then III spend one day cooking
an obscene amount of food and then just
Tupperware Tupperware Tupperware my
refrigerator is all Tupperware and I do
that because I'm I do that because I'm a
cheap bastard and that way I don't have
to buy food
miel preface oh it's great is there's
something insanely satisfying well how'd
you get all your health back Oh a new
game that's right that's right
rich that's a man strats man yeah I just
kicked on the 4th gear used to discard
pushing up my max
XP strength there's something incredibly
satisfying about meal prep time where
you know once you have all of your
Tupperware's with identical meals and
they're all laid out and then you you
just don't have to worry about what
you're eating and and it's great and
it's just great I usually make
significantly more chicken I've been
I've been you know what I've been doing
lately and I know this isn't exciting to
most people it's really exciting to me
I've been experimenting with different
chicken marinades like you know taking a
bunch of chicken breasts and like
putting it in in a marinade overnight
just to do different flavors and lately
I've been having an orange lime marinade
so it's like a bunch of garlic fresh
squeezed orange juice fresh squeezed
lime juice and some cayenne pepper a
little a little bit of cumin stuff like
that
it's been great it goes great with
broccoli and cauliflower
it's been so I've been experimenting
with a lot of different marinades I'm
liking that because the chicken is
usually my least favorite meal of the
day because you know chickens pretty
bland okay so the marinades have been
definitely helping stop this is getting
too exciting I know these are the things
that I get excited about I'm a pretty
boring person
I'm not I'm not super excited about any
of these cards okay what do we got here
we got exhaust one card draw two blood
for blood cost one less so that this
card costs one less energy for each time
you lose HP in combat yeah in order for
this card to be effective that mean that
means I have to be doing bad yes and it
does I mean 16 damage isn't anything to
that's nothing to sneeze at it's nice if
it's free but here's the thing to skip
and you don't need any of them true grit
that card sucks yeah that card super
sucks only 7 block and you exhaust a
rant you just can't use them oh yeah I
agree in your hand for the rest I might
just skip just skip do it alright
let's see here dirt 17 says love rlm and
prereq i recently watched the thing what
oh these are all just separate thoughts
so oh they love our ulema prereq they
recently watched the thing they have no
comment about that they just wanted to
let us know okay is the movie is J&B;
whiskey any good no idea it's not bad
it's not bad it's different those I want
to say is it JB the one that's a little
smoky err maybe I kind of want some
right now but I don't know if it's crap
thanks smell you later well if you have
some then just try a little bit but I'm
not terribly up on J and B whiskey I
want to say that's a juror but that's
not bad but I think palm strike is a
fine card it's it's kind of average
shockwave is how good is weak it means
they do less damage to you how good is
it it's a place 3-week I don't I don't
know I don't know every frame a
reference that means 75% less because if
it's three weak to each and weak a
weakened creature does 25% less than
well no no that that adds one week that
lasts for three rounds oh I believe
but it also adds vulnerable to them
which means they do less damage and take
more damage for three rounds that firfer
to that that's that's a lot of energy
okay
that's a lot of energy my name is Tate
you'd be applying weak to them and you'd
be applying vulnerable to them if they
are weak you do they hurt you more than
you heard them what that's any video
game you have to hurt them more than
they hurt you that's I mean that's how
you win everything's fine
my name is Danny everything's fine
anonymous says so jack when do Canadians
come back around for wrestling gaming
because if rich isn't murdering everyone
in Underpants cape and mask sure I'll
still watch but I'm a tip less
significantly I have no idea when the
Canadians are coming back into town
sorry
so when he were to strike or defend well
you have the shrug it off switch give
you more blocks so get rid of a defense
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
dusk Raven says why was six crying rich
do you remember why six was crying whine
because seven eight that's not it
the joke is why was 6 afraid of 7 yes
right but I guess 6 could also be crying
ok ok because it's a close relative eat
another one sure sure yes it kind of
works I hate these guys
all the little gremlins they're our
dorms they're annoying that's true right
especially cuz he's doing the most
damage true-blue review says last stream
you guys talked about loot boxes being
the latest scourge on gaming yeah I
thought about what would be next early
access where triple-a developers
released their biggest games during
development they can do that that's fine
but also we're already there triple-a no
triple A's is now is now giving like
public beta access why are these things
terrible what is wrong with early access
and beta access just wait if you want to
if you only want to play the finished
game just fucking wait
oh no the reason it's wrong when
triple-a companies do it is because
they're their bilking a system they're
getting free play testing when they
shouldn't you know they could be paying
people to to do their bug error reports
they save money they make money they
make money and save more money if you
don't what if you don't like the idea of
early access game yeah wait just wait
it's true this hurts nobody it hurts
idiots rich we're trying to protect the
image look idiots we're trying to
protect them what look what darwinian
slipped look darwin sort it out
we killed Darwin Darwin's dead
it hit lives matter absolutely well they
don't they're idiots
they're dragging everyone else down yep
nothing we can do about it s in 1984
says hey y'all been waiting and wanting
this for about a year but finally going
to buy a switch with the breath of the
wild with my tax refund to return it's
hard because I'm a huge fan of Zelda
what are you guys using your tax returns
on I pay taxes yeah I'm probably gonna
pay - because we're self-employed yeah
that's that works we end up praying
that's fair it is it is but it man enjoy
breath of the wild it's great especially
if you're if you're an old-school Zelda
fan you're gonna love it it's a great
time have fun have fun exploring that
world like every once in a while I think
about picking that up again like I maybe
just start over have fun but then I
think I remember the the weapon the
weapons and how much that bothered me
the man what what a great time well you
know if it were a PC game yeah it'd be a
mod there would be among that's true
that's true
pcs better fit what a great game have
fun great time
screw those self-employed bastards
it'll be fine after when you've been
self-employed for long enough you know
how much to put away so you know like
any income I have I keep yeah a section
of it separate waiting for this time
when I have to pay cuz I always have to
pay because obviously I don't pay
anything in the taxes and so I always
have to pay and so you just take a
little bit of all your income and put it
aside and then when it comes to this
time it all works out and theoretically
what your city that's what you're
supposed to do even if you're employed
you can choose if you're employed you
can choose not to pay anything or not to
have them automatically take it out of
your paycheck you could just get your
full paycheck if you wanted but then you
have to put that money aside and
theoretically they say and I've never
been in this situation because it's been
so long since I've been employed that
then if you put that money aside and if
you do it properly you're actually
earning a little bit of interest from
that money and then you pay your taxes
but most people just prefer to like just
take take whatever you need give my
refund most people like the refund right
careful Jack don't incriminate yourself
I'll try not to that theory works better
when banks paid interest right I go
savings account well they they used to
have you know get one of those like you
know money markets and and you're not
making much on interests you're you know
you make it a couple bucks on interest
or whatever depending on how much money
you put away but you know it's better
than nothing better than nothing but
like I said most I think most people
just want it automatically taken out and
then they get they get their tax returns
that's fun too it's like it's like it's
like a present it's like a present that
you paid for
turbo Jesus I haven't picked up The
Witcher in a while I have not picked up
what does that do again you can't tack
well Lucy a cup defense
Nico : I can rich hope you're both doing
well when I was a kid I thought that
Wario was Mario & Luigi's third evil
brother now who the heck is waluigi is
there any relation what is going on
nobody knows nobody knows waluigi is
because it's completely unimportant to
the people who make these games just as
character
we got an opposite mario absolutely
goat-like Wario is from what it was he a
villain in Super Mario Land they
probably added him into party or one of
the tennis games so so Wario could have
a partner be my guest no I'm saying
Wario Oh Mario was the villain in in the
Game Boy Game Boy Advance won the marine
world two number worlds Mario where they
go Mario Land to that Game Boy Advance
Game Boy Game Boy yeah yeah yeah you say
Game Boy Advance yeah so yeah he was the
villain in Super Mario Land 2 or 1 oh
there Sam - ok - yeah and then like you
said they just needed another bad guy to
fill out the roster so like I make an
opposite Luigi where does he come from
he comes from here he comes from this
game planet risky Jack what are you
doing what are you doing I'm upgrading
instead of resting do it which might be
stupid could be or it could be great
I don't think I ever had as much fun
with a video game as I did with
WarioWare on the Wii when it first came
out
fuck yeah Jack trigger Joyce that was a
great game did you play that no oh man
what a fun game it was you know it was a
bunch of micro games whenever you rest
you may at a car to die that's not bad
that's not bad at all there's a bunch of
micro games like these games lasted five
seconds and you just had to figure out
what you needed to do to win the game it
was Mario where great games
why we're like it was that's almost like
the precursor to to like iPhone games we
know there's just a lot of swiping a lot
of doing random stuff they need a
warrant Nintendo is making a bunch of
mobile games right now they need oh they
need to bring Wario to the mobile phone
arena you're gone if you have never
played a mario game where should I start
Mario World maybe three three or world
world
I think world I mean you know really
pretty graphics good game Super Mario
World for this mess that's the one
that's one
that's the obvious answer Super Mario
World then then go to Super Mario 3 then
the world's your oyster man not quite
enough to kill them
oh there's enough to kill him right I
thought I was gonna be one short you did
a quick math was off jack sometimes that
happens I should be ashamed you should
be you should be whose 4hp
gained two energy draw three cards you
don't need to you don't need to pick
guys that's great that's great let's see
here tenor Tenten says I was introduced
to red letter media at twitchcon this
past year oh my god we skipped the
twitch party because we were too busy
watching best of the worst I mean that's
the right call you made the right call
thanks for everything no problem much
intent glad you enjoyed things we've
done look at that demon form huh you
can't oh wow that's really nice and with
all of your with all of your shield too
you could make the battles last one I
wish I could go back in time that's all
right damn it there's no there's no
going back in time there isn't no I'd
love to but no that's fine
you doing great what are you gonna do
the boss fight get another relic
question mark or regular fight what are
you gonna do it what do you want another
fight my house not the best ok that's
fair so generally speaking for those in
the chat if you do a regular enemy fight
you get a card at the end and some gold
maybe a potion if you do an in Leeds
fight you can get another relic and you
know maybe some gold maybe a potion or
you do the question mark and it's a
question mark it could be anything it
could be a regular fight it could be an
elite fight it could be an FTL like a
little story mission where you have to
make a choice it could be a shop you
don't know
nice choice nice choice excellent choice
you did it you did it yeah take a little
bit of damage that sucks
same night says it can't be an elite
fight you sure about that question mark
what can't the question mark oh I don't
know I always just assumed it could be
anything it's magic oh-ho-ho it's magic
you know did this is a real game right
it says maybe this is a fun game well
wait wait you'll see you'll understand
when it gets to the rest of it MIDI a1
says this is a real game right like you
pay for it once and it doesn't have a it
doesn't have a pay to win or freemium
premium model right this is not a
collectible card game it's a deck
building game you just pay for the once
and you get like the whole game I know
it's crazy I think my grandpa used to
play games like that I heard about that
and he said you'd buy a game once and
then just play it and I said but what
about what about the monthly
subscription fee and he said we didn't
have those
now we're good we're good we're in the
clear this enemy is fucked
that tiny gremlin with like the half of
a sign that he's hitting you with is
fucked I don't need that I mean fucking
need that no no you don't fucking did it
oh oh we got the makings okay we have
the ingredients for a good base which is
working on on super strength on a super
strength run well hey who he put it
deal six damage to all enemies not bad
not I can't afford anyway right no and
the only good for thunderclap and that's
why way to work right there's never
really a bad card is its draw one card
place the card from your hand on top of
your draw pile I mean as if as long as
you know that there's a card in your
hand that you can deal with you know I'm
parting with right oh wait wait wait
wait weed I don't have anything to lose
HP for card
Oh Lucy I didn't read that I just
thought losing no no no insane that
would be great that would be great
Oh my name is Tate it costs zero energy
to play there there was a gold cost to
buy it from the shop yeah talking about
rich only has 52 gold at the moment and
some of them are more expensive nice
rich what I did the the menu didn't come
up because I'd only use one card
previously I use my head bud so I'm
getting the thing that increases my
strength again next turn yeah very nice
I'm getting confused by which is
deck-building and mine yeah
he's doing well is all you need to know
oh my god yes he's about to murder some
fuckers yes I am
now you want to kill one of them man I
know I know it's just a shame it's very
it's a shame so what it is that's gonna
save you seven damage and you got a boss
encounter coming up sooner or later
eleven block verses and it's better
still there to kill one
there's no logs Amazon
don't forget my portion yeah I
frequently forget about the potions it's
not it's not good mm-hmm Oh what do you
have what do you have potion wise sorry
so God artifacts to dexterity that's
helpful 12 block so 12 block gives him
12 field that's that's really easy the
dexterity potion actually multiplies his
shield and so if you add to dexterity
than any shield you add gets a little
buff an artifact is a is a way to
prevent being buffed by enemies or not
buffed nerfed by enemies so if you have
an artifact and an enemy tries to poison
you the artifact cancels out the
poisoning or if the enemy tries to
weaken you something like that but it
only works for one status effect
ya know you got the makings I think you
can make it you have 54 health you can
make it no it's got serious fucking
business yeah yeah I'm at fear we talked
about that and neither of us really care
they still asking about that fucking
thing well I think they just came in
they just came in like hey you guys tell
me yeah I don't care about it at all
yeah we don't really care
maybe I add weight at a oh that's great
oh right we're gonna really we're gonna
come
wait wait wait he's gonna hit you for 30
I got it I got it I got it
okay next time add your dexterity first
oh yeah yeah after you ever go on top of
never mind never more you have to have
the bonus dexterity before East button
I'm going to no shit loads of damage
shortly that's great that's great all
you have to do is survive because then
at the end of the boss battle you get
all your help so you just you you just
gotta barely make it and you're doing it
you're doing great right great
doing great
Oh dexterity does not affect potion
shield oh there we go
No thank you same thing when I wished
that no no because if you give yourself
any other defense from a card than your
find your dexterity stays throughout the
whole branch so like instead of gaining
11 black bear you just gained 13 which
is very nice we're gonna do this yeah oh
yeah you got that it's totally gonna do
this you got this you have 15 plus
attack I know that's amazing look at
that oh yeah you're gonna murder this
thing you're gonna murder this thing
yeah if you do get a couple more like if
you get a couple more shield II things
to make sure you survive all your
encounters and build up this strength
you got the makings of a decent deck
here
people
good call oh I had that one and I won't
am I gonna try to do dynasty Warriors is
coming out in five days did you know
about the release I did not have any
we're curious they apparently revised
the strategic aspect of the combo system
making a little less button mashie as
you know I'm a big fan of the whole
dynasty Warriors games I'll check it out
I didn't even know they were working on
a new one I know they're releasing the
next time I mean like could you just
make it look a little difficult oh my
god
that I know I know
that could be monstrous you know +15
yeah it could be monstrous I know they
are releasing the hyrule warrior
Ultimate Edition for the switch and I
haven't I haven't picked up Hyrule
warriors for anything else I've gotten
that a couple times that ectoplasm and
overall think about doing it it's you
know it's very nice to have that extra
energy well there's this I don't have
much in my hand that gives me more cards
right now that's true that's true so
that'll give it instead of being able to
spend three energy you'll be able to
spend four energy but you won't be able
to play six more than six cards and what
if you get that card that repeats right
upon picking up shoes and transform
three cards then upgrade them early on
I'd love that I've got I've got I've got
the bedrock of something right now and
random cards might just might throw it
off I can transform some of those you
know weak-ass ones but I'm I could just
shit that's just completely useless
dammit right right with your build it's
one of these two
yeah I'll go with that do it more iron
that's fair
ectoplasm it would that was really tough
not being able to go to shops and get
rid of cards or spend stuff on shops Sam
ectoplasmic was tough once I got once I
got cards I like I don't think the shops
gonna be much of a factor for me yeah
that's true
yeah yeah doctor chug but mud yeah I
played a little bit of yeah doctor chug
but mine of course I played a little bit
of Gwent in Witcher 3 because I think
you have to there's like one mission
where they teach you how to play Gwent
and then you can play it anywhere and I
did not get it or care for it so
but I know Gwent is all is all the rage
now and there's the even a standalone
Gwent oh rich rich don't murder them
still is still five still blocking five
think of the long game alright alright
oh now murder them all 18 that's exactly
what I need No
21:20 damage it might be fun yeah yeah
yeah nice can I run away I don't believe
I can no no I don't believe you have the
option to run away nice nice the thieves
that he was just fighting the thieves
and they actually can run away and they
steal some of your gold yeah I missed
most of the stream says dr. truck but
mud did you talk about Black Lightning
really enjoying it I haven't talked
about it yet I've also been really
enjoying it we're finally I think we're
finally getting we're like three
episodes in now and kind of the thesis
statement of the show is finally
clarifying for me and I'm digging it and
I'm digging it so it's a little cheesy
I'd love to see a little more action
which is not you know I know it's a
cheap TV show but I want I want a little
more punch in there's not enough I'm not
punching for me but
what does Palma strike two again it's
all my sex life sex I am
oh okay
oh yeah I got a little more fuckin yeah
you'll be fine
probably one shot or next turn
morph yeah we need more fisticuffs we
need to look at oh my god that shit here
oh my God look at that shit hand rich
yep there you go oh and that's on top
now
oh god you can do all that damage yep
this fucking dazed killed me yeah but
you're killing her now so yeah what do
you think of altered carbon altered
carbon is overall pretty mediocre I'm
gonna compare it to the worst version of
Blade Runner the version with the
voiceover oh god they suck and I thought
it started off really mediocre and ended
just kind of all right oh he picked up
another strike yeah
so I it's fine it's a fine show like if
you're if you're hurting for some for
some cyberpunk it has some really neat
ideas to it altered carbon I there's a
couple characters I really enjoyed and a
fully nude fight scene now a fight scene
with someone who is fully nude which is
you know that's ballsy
not literally ballsy because it was a
female who was fully nude during the
fight scene but there's some really neat
stuff too altered carbon but overall I
think it's it's mediocre I think we got
fucked
I like these cards - I don't want the
stand now but there's not there's not
much I can do about it right oh yeah no
you you got it I'm just trying to figure
out how you can how you can work it to
to kill them and you can't
I think Jack didn't like that game he
was talking about on Twitter I think
that to this game and I like it a lot I
talked about this game on Twitter slay
this fire which I called my jam and that
it was rockin my sock ins and here it is
being my jam and rocker Matt take out
the lady you got to take out the lady
first because she's just gonna keep
healing them
fucking car the cards rich the cards oh
we're fucked
oh you mean Dano Dender the other game
yeah it was alright that wasn't a very
good stream game while I enjoyed it it
didn't translate well to entertaining
you all in the chat so we switched over
to slay the spire yeah dead yeah it's
super dead oh oh no you killed her okay
great
then done den den Daria that's the name
of the game Dan Dario we played that for
a couple hours and I really liked it I
thought it was a really chill game until
we got to the mega m.bison boss fight
which nearly broke me and now we're
playing this now I'm fucked 41 you're
totally fucked 59 you can only yeah yeah
you're totally fucked at best
41 plus what's it what's a regular
strike do 15 yeah yeah one fact you're
fucked
that's not gonna help you yeah no I mean
just drink it because it's your last
drink you're about to die this one goes
out to my homies pour a little on the
concrete first
yeah the headbutt doesn't put a card
into here you get it the next term yeah
it puts it on the top of your draw pile
yeah so unfortunately I was loving those
cards to this fact you had it you had a
really good start of a fun run there
yeah well true-blue review says do you
see the names of the anonymous tip purse
or they anonymous to you I don't see
them here in the stream tip alerter but
if I check my email I get an email for
every tip I know I can find their email
address or their name yeah rich got
overconfident no your guy had good cards
I had a good strategy that was working
for me until it wasn't
yeah yeah sometimes it's just the luck a
look at the cards well there's the end
of the stream that's fine we've been
going for four so we're doing good I
read the fucking names now it will the
stream will not end in a in a bang but a
whimper oh yeah I got really unlucky
with some monsters who were just doing
comical amounts of damage
comical absolutely absolutely
oh you're the mouse okay so now is the
point in the stream in which we thank
all the people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like scorn
12:10 who says woohoo ten months of
enjoying wasting time with you hacks and
we all know time enjoyed wasting isn't
time wasted you did the math larry
kenobi 1-1 3-8 for 28 fucking months in
a row says a little late on this one but
changed the title thank you for
reminding us
zoink over 16 months in a row who says
are you guys going to play injustice
now that TMNT are on it yeah it's cute
but yeah yeah basically I'm not a
fighting game person I'm just I am no
good at fighting games yeah I don't know
whatever reason and they can this is
something actually I talked about before
when I was talking about the the Smash
Brothers clones yeah where sometimes a
good fighting game is really just about
the fanservice having the thing you
already know fight the other thing so
injustice could be really fun I've read
about the stories of the game yeah
actually really good stories oh yeah so
alternate universe Superman Lois Lane
murdered by the Joker Superman kind of
becomes a fascist sure he starts
murdering people he doesn't like ends up
becoming you know the supreme ruler of
the world and Batman is leading the
rebellion against him okay
sorry why is it actually it's kind of
neat so maybe are you saying maybe we're
gonna have to pick this up and if you
want to I'm fine with it if you want
okay let's see here also jack which
Lucroy flavors do you like and other
stuff you eat for dying well I we talked
a lot about my meal prep
Lucroy there's a lot of great barriers
I've been enjoying the lime flavor
lately but also any of their tall skinny
cans are the fancy flavors those any one
of them is good libraries Kurt for 29
fuckin months of the Roses oh yeah Larry
Kenobi well I have 29 months so there
take that Larry Kenobi hmm
Todd nope hard core who says it's Snoke
a rich maybe you should buy one of those
Elon Musk flamethrowers to help with
your snow problem it's completely lost
on anybody who wasn't here at the start
of a story it's true I'm coming
nice no and how much she doesn't like it
gutter stars
4:26 fucking once in a row typed out a
little smiley face thing nasty mitten
Sony Leone retro Walker says nothing XIV
daemon eggy dirt gently are for 16
months a neurosis why do I think you
guys are my friends it's like you don't
even know I exist and you never call
anymore keep it up guys I appreciate all
the content I really do flip Master Yoda
says to expect the unexpected
burn of the hammer steer oi Jenkins
stereo Jenkins stereo oh wait there's no
e yeah for the e Ulster Roy Jenkins
Steve Roy I got a Roy
but Steve Roy that's what I said I said
see Roy Jenkins I thought I looked at it
for a second I thought of a stereo
because that makes sense that was your
first matter first mistake
yes dream sign for twenty four fucking
months in a row Boudreaux Umberto
Cabbage Patch for 37 motherfucking
months in a row Cloverfield paradox was
kind of lame but I really like Fred
Armisen is comedy for drummers special
very niche comedy good on Netflix so I
like forever so yeah
Yolo contendere who says how about that
ninety million dollar Tesla commercial
yesterday oh are you kidding that's all
anyone who's gonna talk about for the
next year is that red convertible in
space they've bought like they got their
missile tests and all the advertising
they ever need yeah yeah great great
idea and a fucking convertible is gonna
be in the asteroid belt I just I just
want to be there when the aliens find
that
go what the enterprise would run across
that you know I'd right just be like
captain my scanners are picking up a
20-18 red convertible
what there appears to be a man inside
you know you haven't seen it right he
put a little mannequin Abraham Lincoln
is driving you put a little mannequin oh
he put and it's like I don't wearing a
spacesuit everything looks very it's
adorable where are we now we are at brim
axion who says this is my third month
subscribing but I ruined my in a row
streak after the first one so fuck it
I've been watching for years we'll
probably give it a few more we
appreciate anything that you can give
thank you
he looks risen nonsense in a bag
Colorado Wars
thank you for producing an enjoyable
stream for what I'm not doing anything
else on a Sunday or Wednesday I can't
wait to see rich Evans experience nope
Shem you know II we we three later this
year you don't think you're gonna
experience do I want to do that Shenmue
is arguably the game that invented
QuickTime that's why I hate it lady
Denning for twenty six fucking months in
a row
midnight hero for 27 fucking months in a
row
Doug Phillipe gobbledygook for 42
motherfucking months in a row yeah so I
finally hit 42 now what was the question
again
hello what was the question again
reference it took me a little me a
second it took me a second speed
speaking of I I believe the the little
display panel on the Tesla in outer
space has a don't panic
on it okay speaking of referencing that
it just took me a while just took me a
little second the blue prism who says oh
yeah I fesus says Jack
you mentioned pour over coffee make you
a hipster what's your beef with good
coffee preparation nothing I that's the
kind of coffee I make for myself
every single day I love it I'm a coffee
snob I'm a horrible I'm a dickhead
coffee snob and I'm okay with it and I
love pour over coffee it makes a really
smooth flavorful cup of coffee but I'm
also keenly aware that that makes me a
dirty dirty hipster I'm just comfortable
with that because I get delicious coffee
okay Joe kitty
0:01 who says um I can't think of any
pre recommends
lol fuck my Cook removes celtic what
else oh that's fine the classics
crocodile brain the hits together do the
hits six what various errors says hi
guys bran flakes four five four seven
this idk twitch punk who says it is too
early does it is it too early to start
bidding on riches remains yes please at
least wait till I'm dead
yeah yeah oz Mike for 37 motherfucking
months in a row who says hey guys this
is going to be my last month as absoluta
hey guys this is going to be my last
month as a subscriber unfortunately I am
back in college and have massive
healthcare costs on the horizon
understand understandable so I have to
drop the sob
thanks to the great times catch your
streams when I can Cheers
good luck guys Mike thank you for your
patronage throughout the years no fear
no
Vee I was hoping that's the nice little
bite I was so hoping you would walk over
there to look no I saw your banner which
finally organized our poppers I've had
them in like the paper bag that I've
bought them in for the past you know
whatever year where was it we were at No
oh we got sky I think it was no fear no
Envy
for 36 motherfucking months in a row
it's all ready for you to like wander
over there where are things we really
and you being off-camera and I didn't
sit in here the smirk on my face next
time you got a high tum them cuz they're
there right on top of that table no that
was right on top of the table confetti
working I should be working
I believe the confetti gif is up on an
xsplit holding there we go
there's a confetti working never that's
working for the Y oh god oh it's not
working for thee Oh when we were uh we
were on the elgato earlier oh well oh no
fear no Envy 36 motherfucker Monsun ro
who says I'm running this monkey farm
now Frankenstein and I want to know what
the fuck you're doing with my time I
only know that from the clips I've seen
on our programs I still have not seen
Landon
yeah mine was a day day of the dead I
said nothing the day of the dead what he
died everyone keeps saying it's quality
one of these days I think it's got the
best individual zombie in the series and
it's on the screen for a very short
amount of time but it has it has no jaw
oh yeah yeah that's always nice JRR
Lovecraft for thirteen months in a row
says looks like it's my lucky month
beginning to end
zoom Bobby says hey guys hope you're
both well we are thank you
the ultimate jar lazy olie Wilkins the
clown for 36 motherfucking months in a
row Miller for 30 fucking months a
neurosis of a dirty 30 tricks dreams
getting me inexplicably frisky from here
on out damn beacon bear board bomber the
last hummus surfaced Romo says thanks
for another month of entertainment if
you didn't know at the end of the month
FTL creators are releasing into the
breach could make for a good stream if
you're interested absolutely check it
out so much FTL time I feel I do feel
obligated to play their new game yeah
absolutely
you see rich is fidgeting rich is always
fidgeting
that's something something I do about
rich we have to finish these fidgets
spinners are the best fucking thing we
have to like the best duck tape his
hands to the couch during best of the
worst screaming's just streaming's just
so he won't yeah of all the fucking time
with the spinners all the fucking time
where are we Wow
rahu kim Modesto well well while Ruki me
does - I think yeah yeah yeah
captain swc 14 months rebel base for 16
months in a row who says the Han Solo
trailer but seriously thanks for all the
content han Solo he's gonna be Lando do
you seat you back out do you want me
that's what they want they just want to
see Chewbacca
watch it when we see a nun best of the
worst that's a penny for 16 months in a
row soare hain 21 carries RL sky scrap
stir oh nice Chris Gaines 2004 17 months
in a row
Ali Raza for twenty four fucking months
in a row says wow that went by fast
thanks for all the great memories
hey Jay pimps all this is gotta agree
with the earlier guy that losing the
subscriber streak sucks
here's to like 30-something months not
computers we can't keep track of these
things
mister I'm sorry lion slippers savvy
bones who says police are looking for
Elon Musk's wife they were fighting for
for a few weeks ago about him working so
much she said it felt like he was a
million miles away and that's why she
cheated on him I get it the implication
that she's and she's the one I call he
found a bit hey what a great way to get
rid of a body
by the way that's the perfect crime like
you're not gonna go out there and check
know if you're really sadistic they're
still alive when you launch the thing in
the spacesuit duct tape yeah yeah I have
to assume though like one he would do
like that like you said he would do
something out of spite worth he would
keep them alive as much as possible
right I would have to assume that Elon
has enough money just to dispose of a
body on earth you probably would but
better get rid of him space they're
never gonna find him just never ever go
I can't she's watching oh I can't hi
Karen
I assumed by the way like when you said
hi Karen I assume what you yeah the
obvious assumption I love you I love you
oh you don't have to make it weird for
all of us ha ha ha ha ha ha I'll do what
I want that's true let's see here
Angela's vow and my name is tape 432
fucking months in a row
my name is Tate says boobs boobs boobs
