May 20, 2018
BattleTech
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/264753137
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/264758141
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zskWI5MjpmY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3wqboiVLBA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/998287645976551425

[Part I]
there so we can see thank you Oh hold on
oh no no okay hey everybody welcome to
this dream how's everyone doing do it so
I hear there's a new Thundercats cartoon
this dream was all in it so so by the
way like I was on the phone I wasn't
super paying attention to what rich was
doing and so all the sudden all sudden
rich starts googling new Thundercats I
was like oh there's a new that was
talking about it okay
I'm set from my perspective which is I
look into new Thundercats alright sure
I'm glad I'm not a Thundercats fed and
you know like to me and I'm I've never
been a Thundercats like I don't care
about the Thundercats and so I see that
and I was like oh that looks like I show
my kids a love that looks like I show
that like seems fun and for the kids and
then an enriched starts laughing and
says oh man
hey everyone everyone hates it and I was
like oh the old men hate it it's fine
it's gonna be fine Jack do you remember
when Toon Link was first revealed I do
do you remember the response to that I
do remember the response to that you
remember how that game turned out to be
a goddamn masterpiece what's the best in
the series yes
yeah of what are you saying is people
are whiny short-sighted idiots is that
what you're saying they can't they're
not necessarily wrong the new show might
sorry of course a good suck the new
shows not the thing they grew up with
and they're just gonna have to deal with
that but it might be a fine thing on its
own it could be for its intended
audience which is not you which is you
know children the children's cartoon
might be really fun for children yes I
really think this opening is classy as
fuck yeah
music the history of humanity oh yeah
space this seems like the opening to it
like a quality show you know yeah yeah
this is neat I really like the art style
too I dig this like it almost reminds me
a little bit of that like hand-painted
dishonored look yeah just a little bit I
like it and I dig it
I'm just curious what year this game
takes place in specifically what did
they say it's like 24 something
something that'll text a thing that's
had arrows oh okay
and it's gonna suck if this game takes
place right around thirty fifty because
that's when the battle tech universe
gets invaded by invaded by the warrior
culture honor glory honor and they just
they just kind of shit all over the
fucking lore of the universe gotcha
fight honor fight and it's gonna I'm
gonna really hate it if I have to deal
with those nincompoops sure the warrior
named Kamal warrior honour battle for
glory have honor duel according to uncle
edit war a war duel according to Uncle
Coolio it's thirty 25 okay that's
probably far enough away I'm not gonna
have to worry about it and unless the
campaigns happen over the next twenty
five years you're fine you'll be shocked
by how much time goes by in this game
how quickly oh yeah I've just played a
little bit so far I takes it takes weeks
to get from one star system to the other
oh sure that in real time and in game
time yeah I'm with you I am I have some
clouds sinkage sure no I don't that's
why I just started just getting things
going okay alright so just start anyone
okay cool
where he's gonna start a brand new
campaign brand new campaign that's great
doo-doo-doo-doo
so anyway if you need to said you know
if new Thundercats wasn't meant for
nostalgia then they wouldn't have called
it Thundercats yeah I mean listen I get
it I get what you're saying I I can't be
with you on this fight though because
I've never cared about the Thundercats
and so I I know you want me to be with
you and to be indignant with you but
Thundercats were before my time and I
just I don't have it in me to care I
don't care about Thundercats I don't
care about GI Joe and I don't care about
the Transformers never have ya Joe
either huh no no no no special love for
any of those series what was it with you
growing up then like I for me Saturday
morning cartoons with it was like mid
90s toys huh
toys Ninja Turtles okay stuff so Ninja
Turtles a lot of kind of generic you
know and we just didn't have a lot of
toys growing up JJ was fairly long lived
oh sure I like I remember the show
vaguely but now you know we had we had
GI Joe we had some like x-men figures
yeah and and we had a we had and then we
had the the cornfield outside and that
was our toy
goes yeah we you know what we did have
some Ghostbusters toys okay okay like
proton packs fake proton packs isotonic
GI Joes oh yeah a metric ton of them
it's a ninja turtles - well we probably
had some transformers but I didn't care
like I like people want us or in general
they want someone on their side who's
like really indignance I guess this new
Thundercats ruins the thing I once loved
and I just like I can't be there with
you exactly so yeah so I'm sorry yeah
the most boring fuckers lion-o is the
most boring fucker ever only generic
utterly unbelievably oh I'm good going
Thundercats ho like them Thundercats oh
I can't do that I can't do the Frank
Welker style Oh hero voice
generic hero man yes mum Roe the
everliving all of the Thundercats
villains were far more likeable and
interesting than any of the protagonists
and I think when you're talking about a
children's action-adventure show it's a
problem when you're rooting for the
villains it's not that you they say bump
up up up they say okay it's not that you
don't care about Thundercats it's that
you immediately see it and say it's
something my kids would like because the
art style looks like this stuff that my
kids watch can you hear me now mama mama
and like like what are they were they
watch like the the unikitty and the
Steven universe and the what is it
called which knows an awful lot about
Thundercats my brother loved them Mika's
find out great because it's an exact
copy yes popular things spawned more
similar things it looks it looks cute
now it looks cute we don't know anything
yet it's a cute art style
you know uncle your uncle grandpa's
you're not the regular show what's the
one you don't know I'm asking the Chad
character crater yeah I'm asking a chat
what's the one that's like part 3d
animation part two t-cell drawing by the
way this shit yeah this here you mean
you pick your background yeah
that affects optional dialogue options
oh really yeah yeah I by the way I kind
of like this cuz they give you a nice
little summary a lot a lot to choose
from
gumball thank you the amazing world of
gumball they watch that a lot all the
time so just be from the back water from
the back water I like that like that
gumball yeah drench it all that like
it's like all that so I family was
betrayed and I got revenge that's what
you're going okay cuz that's that shit's
exciting Jack sure I went more lone wolf
my family was killed in an accident and
and like now I'm just find him a place
like I'm just lost in the universe but I
got this robot man wait
well the getting the the Vengeance thing
I mean your family is dead however you
slice it so I'm still alone wolf Jack I
just got to kick ass first
yeah yeah no no I'm going from I'm going
from a place of self-discovery which I'm
not I have no particular purpose
just me my robot but I'd like the
gunnery stab but I don't know I don't
want to be a gladiator or a soldier sure
and yes II to go if you go freelancer
that's what look doing right along with
my theme that's what I chose is like you
know oh yeah lone wolf and I'm just
drifting man just me and my me and my
robot
I want that gunnery step then take it
yeah freelancer
sorry blob you on I can't even pretend
to be with you on this one you you're on
your own
you're on your own I think I'm still in
the minority that I like Teen Titans go
because I think it's cute they don't do
anything like the fighting is just a
funny show a lot of fart jokes yeah I'm
really excited for the movie they're
making a feature-length Teen Titans go
movie yeah more fart jokes it gets all
meta the movie is about Robin wanting
his own movie as a sidekick okay it's
gonna be cute and funny it's gonna be
great
some people hate that show people do you
know why okay
oh it's fart jokes jokes why bother the
children love it why bother having them
be superheroes you gotta do something
with it it's just out of out of
necessity you know what it's fine for
this I don't think so it's cool it's
fine it's a better expression let's face
it up to dopey I think most of the
expressions are pretty dopey alright
that's fine
it looks like his mouth is slightly open
and that's why it looks dopey it's not
slightly open but we can't hear you what
it's Bob Bob we need a new cordon for
that Mike that's what it's looking like
but not right now I just won't you're
gonna I promised not to touch it
anything that's happened twice in the
first 20 minutes of the stream it's
because I've been fiddling with it I've
been very right fidgety and I promise
not to touch it anymore as soon as it's
working there's no reason to be
proactive everybody just wait so the
problem gets progressively worse dice
y'all be dice nice no no that's your oh
is that your nickname that's the
nickname
yeah okay I thought that might have been
like your Mitchell Russell I doesn't
have a great ring to it Russell no
Russell's not a good name I like Noah he
looks like a Noah Conrad with a K I went
past him I'm too lazy to actually type
it yeah but I want some
Isaac Oh Isaac yeah get a good last name
with Isaac he could be a good Isaac you
know like Russell no I don't like
Russell Louis Isaac Toro Russell was
fine
oh you're gone now music Isaac Burnett
yeah you know what it's fine it's kinda
that's got a bit of a ring to it no this
sounds like it sounds like a 1970s
comedian who had a very nice variety
show the Isaac Burnett our tonight's
guests include the pointer sisters Jack
Hanna and his amazing and Boyd is fine
I'm done fucking with it yeah
here's a chap named that's too late
mr. dice okay what do we I I took heads
up everyone I took the laptop um the the
incredibly slow laptop so I could
factory reset it yep which I did do and
it is now running perfectly adequately
the only problem of course is I left it
at home
yeah and so I'm gonna be reading tips
off of my phone oh my god so we took it
took the old laptop well that was the
laptop yeah laptop oh you didn't you
didn't get a new one we just you mess
around
yeah well I wanted to see if I could
salvage it before investing in a new one
because we already here right we already
have our next big investment which is
another computer so rich you are a
monster why rich you're a monster what
did I do
I don't know where I do what you do
I don't know it's fine I'm gonna say
it's fine okay great
Shawn Simona's says on the the very
important topic Shaun of the Thundercats
remake it's like The Rocketeer cartoon
Disney is putting out seasons putting
out a rocket to your cartoon I know very
little about this I love the original
Rockets here and the new show is clearly
aimed at a much much younger kids
instead of getting mad I just look
forward to all the new fans well that's
a lovely sentiment you know some kids
might watch the the the silly
Thundercats show and look into the
Thundercats may read some comic books
yeah read some read some Freddie
Williams the third good old Freddie
Williams Jack stop looking at your phone
I have to read the tips from my phone
because I forgot the laptop so that's
what I'm looking at my phone so you
haven't gotten very far of this you
basically just so it's so like there
there's the tutorial mission which you
are doing right now yeah which is just
here's how all the basic controls work
and then there's like the first mission
mission that's where you're at
yeah like the rescue that or you know
walk the princess to the bank yeah yeah
I'm in that one oh oh okay okay I forgot
this is two parts okay I was thinking
you're at the one after that but yeah
okay yeah so so I'm not very far in VI
I maybe have like an hour and a half all
right so right children I'm gonna do it
we had a rather busy weekend which I
will get to talking about for all the
people who have been rapidly following
my D&D; adventures I've been posting some
updates on Twitter yeah so it got a
little nuts with the Dean being over the
weekend is what else is what I'll say
for now we'll get there we'll get there
and then also you know Hyrule warriors
is out nasan they had to hand to get
some time in hacking and slashing you
don't want to talk about this game jack
you know no I don't have to I do I think
it's here rich I love giant robots yeah
here's something that bothers me right
away okay and this is this is let me
guess they're tiny robots on the screen
no no that's that's a bother me is that
they don't have arms
though do they no yeah oh yeah the robot
you start with doesn't have arms and I
think it's really weird looking some of
them have arms some of them don't
yeah some of them have like chicken leg
things but just rocket launchers on
their shoulders robots okay great chat
by the way and I don't know if this is
now just you guys making fun of people
make in front of me but I don't have the
laptop so I'm reading the chat on my
phone and I'm reading tips on my phone
which is why I keep looking at my phone
by the way you know the armless robot
doesn't make far more sense what fucking
an arm for just just for aesthetics
purely aesthetics I just think it's
weird that it's al its legs and cannons
it just looks weird it's this this grim
gritty depressing universe they've
invented but they have these comical
robots with arms is the primary form of
warfare right I like the universe but it
doesn't make any fucking sense no it's a
silly you know it's a silly place
I'm playing this on GOG and I can't tell
you that there's differences between
this on Steam because I haven't played
this on Steam so far this looks I I
bought on Steam okay for no particular
reason I just happen to have steam open
when I was thinking about buying the
games and I bought it on Steam and so
far it looks fairly identical the
gameplay wise I would assume I mean I
presume I have no idea right I mean be
silly if it were different right is this
supposed to be like X comma Y and then
it's turn-based is turn-based there's
lays out a little bit differently it's
kind of grid-based movement covers a
little dit works a little different it
was not really yeah kind of that's what
I'm saying it's different but it's
turn-based grid-based movement I didn't
know in the short while I played I
didn't necessarily notice a good if
flanking was was a big deal in this do
you know oh um let's so the side more so
behind okay armor is typically much
weaker from behind okay
so far rich out like how much time you
got into it not that much I've done the
first story mission after you get
through all this tutorial sure okay
there's other oceans in between you can
do okay okay you I guess you know any of
this you basically a good chunk of this
game is running a business
oh you're a mercenary and you're in
charge of hiring people and buying
supplies I was not expecting that let's
go let's go to the system there and see
if there's anyone offering work okay
that's the bulk of the game interest
yeah okay that could be neat the the
question is that chat is asking is
whether or not this scratches that XCOM
itch I guess I mean you know I mean it's
a different game I think I like XCOM
better hmm
all right I think I like the XCOM combat
better yeah but I think all said and
done I'm gonna like you know XM has the
base management I'm gonna like the
mercenary business more okay I like the
ex-con base management sure I'm with you
I'm almost sure I haven't gotten that
deep into it yet though right right a
while to go before you can make a real
decision
this would be a great one
what what I'm really looking forward to
is the the steam link app for for like
iPad and iPhone comes out soon so this
will be the perfect game for that like
this or X come to play through your
phone you know like your computer's run
into humming in the corner but now I can
you know you might need it zoomed in to
really work I can't move I don't know I
don't know I just I want a game to test
that out when it finally comes to iPhone
unfortunately this game was poorly
optimized I I will say one thing I've
noticed so far is these loading screens
do seem to take a long time it I get out
of here
it definitely reminded me of like before
blood-borne got its first big patch and
there's just that like absurdly long
load time jack is obsessed with playing
on the crapper I just like to have
options
I just want honest truth I want I want
you know like you know I'm playing the
game I but oh I want to go to the
bathroom but I'm really into playing it
I can take it with me so I like the
options
and every door while cover just
neighbors plot against us look at that
we got a tarts down that's nice that's
cool-looking yeah you know that that's
got some person now and I dig that I dig
that he just wants the game while hiding
who his family in the bathroom is that
it jack
you only get as the appeal of playing in
the bathroom and you get your private
time in there
no no no because you usually there's
still knocking at the door no usually
I'm the only one home okay usually I'm
the only one home when when I when I
take care of business if you know what I
mean so you only shit when everyone else
is gone I mean because because of my my
particular diet I am an exceedingly
regular person okay okay and and it just
so happens to be you know the kids are
at school lease is usually out at work
and so it's like I got the house and you
know what I prefer it that way
preferred so no it's not about it's not
about running away from the family but
you know like another option is like oh
you know want to hang out in bed for a
little bit you know do a little bit some
before I fall asleep and maybe I could
you know turn it on play a little play a
couple rounds play a couple rounds
I'm a shy pooper you know not necess
- have someone you know listening you
just don't want someone who listening
that's weird
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do where are
we we are at MC Lukas MC Lukas who says
hey guys just finished my first PC build
today I watched your building stream
again in preparation and Jack's anxiety
helped ease my own everything works
great time to brush up on my Dark Souls
before the remaster comes out
thanks for the streams it was more than
a decade ago at this point but when I
built my first yeah I I started small I
put something together dirt cheap oh
sure I integrated motherboard like you
didn't have to worry about a graphics
card or sound they're just cheap
integrated sound board and I slap some
shit on it yeah yeah I got a feel for it
yeah and then if you fried everything
like you didn't lose too much money
oh sure and it you know what it it is
very nerve-wracking cuz like these are
they're very expensive things that you
have to stick together but like for
anyone who's thinking about building
their own PC something you learn is
there sturdy enough to take some
manhandling the pieces don't crumble
under your fingers things are typically
designed to only go where they're
supposed to go yeah typically but you
know like that's the the big the big
stressful moment is like okay I know I'm
supposed to apply some pressure I know
there's supposed to be some resistance
but how much is too much you know yeah
but I can't tell you how accomplished I
feel building my own
yes and you know I don't know if that's
something I ever would have done if it
weren't for you if it weren't for you in
the stream where it's just like that's
nothing I don't I don't think I'd ever
even consider that like I just yeah I've
got a computer store they'll make it for
me what's a computer store doing oh sure
if something goes wrong you're not
afraid to dig around and there he
already built the fucker that's right
I'm yeah and it is it has helped me in
in IT and tech support and cases no I'm
not afraid to open up a computer anymore
I'm dig in there I can I chords they go
where they're supposed to go it's great
it's super great
that's exactly what I feel about car
doors do you build cars so I said you're
looking for some got a point on well
okay so once we get into yeah we're
about to spoiler alert we're about to
get into our first combat situation here
and there's a couple things that I don't
necessarily understand yet but I'm not
very far so I'm sure I I don't even know
yet probably a lot of them okay so like
right now on your lower right hand
corner those are all the weapons you can
find and in certain situations you can
uncheck them yeah or in all situations
in all combat situations so if you if
you just wanted to fire your lasers you
could uncheck everything else and fire
your lasers yeah and every weapon has a
little overheat meter and so I thought
by unchecking them they wouldn't
overheat but the numbers still seem to
be going up well you're gonna generate
some heat from anything you fire right
and so I also haven't figured out how to
cool myself down yet
just don't do anything so you guard I
think I think if you just guard don't do
anything you're he'd go down naturally
then I haven't really tested this but I
think you know when I asked you to do
reserve yeah I think that might super
bring it down okay but I haven't I have
not tested that okay great great yeah
there's a few nuances to the combat that
I don't super understand yet but so far
I'm enjoying the system obviously like
it's like X comms but you have a bazooka
and lasers and you know missile
launchers for everything so it's nice
neat though I do wish I was in this
situation I was in this very situation
you're in right now and I had knocked
over one of the mechs so I positioned
all three of my mechs to stand right
next to him and we kicked him while he
was down and it didn't kill him
and I was like guy he's down and I'm
kicking him while he's down like I kill
him doesn't do that it doesn't just kick
him while they're down exactly
we don't you don't know about you know
about scrap him
no know about scrap I don't know about
nothing yet you can negotiate your
contract and like you you like you're
part of the business you negotiate the
contract but you have that since I never
would have thought that that would
happen in this game I thought this was
gonna be all robot back I had I had one
contract that had a decent amount of
scrap okay
like after the battle I got to pick and
choose so many things that I could just
keep yeah and just during that battle I
happened to get a really lucky headshot
in okay I got like all those perfectly
intact back just a scrap no yeah I was
sweet I'm looking forward to this i
sweet it's like I one shot at a fucking
Shadowhawk I I was a little worried my
first time figure was like oh you know
these robot fights are fun but it is
this whole thing just going to be
customizing robots and building a team
like that so I'm excited to know that
there's more to the game jacks mechs
fight dirty beefcake absolutely I'll
sneak up on someone I want to win the
battle I'm gonna win the battle oh
that's right rich yeah I don't know if
I've even had a chance to tell you yet
on our on our previously recorded
YouTube channel yeah
we have passed 100,000 that is neat we
made it and I listen I'm not too proud
to admit that it was biscuit that put us
over those numbers
it was the addition it was just the cat
and finally finally tipped us over but
it was this exciting exciting to see
YouTube sent us a little message yeah
because once you hit a hundred thousand
subscribers you can you can get a little
silver framed play button and so they
sent us a message saying hey we saw you
passed a milestone so we saw you passed
a milestone and we need to do about a
week's worth of research to make sure
you are a legitimate YouTube channel and
didn't
like by subscribers and receive them
like overnights and blah blah but but so
they're gonna look into it to see if we
are worthy rich of a silver play button
shit but frankly I'm pretty excited
about that's not a clear line of sight I
can only argh fire with a 40 chance yeah
shit POV was weird I thought it was a
straight line oh okay okay
so now for that one should you have
unchecked all of you oh well you hit
that's nice yeah well could only fire it
could only hit with the one and only
fired with the one is that dinner
automatically oh okay okay that was
another question it's like what you have
to autumn-like
uncheck or check or whatever yeah yeah I
almost wish they'd go back on cuz I
forget I forgot I uncheck things sure
and I'll fire it so Nick why don't I
only fire one weapon oh shit
who will keep it now I'll put it up here
in the streaming room put it up on a
wall I got all kinds of crappy
line-of-sight yeah alright is what it is
they'll be fine are you fine
everything's fine
I are Miller welcome welcome to battle
tech welcome to the stream
undead penguin no I don't know who that
person is to the point where I'm afraid
to say the name out loud but I don't
know I'm sorry there's no there's a ton
of people on YouTube and everywhere that
I know I okay okay well I'll start
talking about my D&D; game I know
everyone's really excited about the D&D;
game I'm really excited about the DV
game rich just clay-rich got so excited
to hear about D&D; he clicked out of
MechWarrior reach I want to show you
something I think is you have to click
on you first
I already did oh you may be too close
a cave troll came into my dungeon yeah
and that's what I used okay for example
I use a ninja turtle for a cave troll
because okay so D&D; was was a smash
success with the family they had a they
had a great time it actually is my
dungeon took a little bit longer than I
was expecting
I I was hoping I built it small enough
that we could get through everything in
about two hours based on what some
Internet videos that I saw and like say
Oh for every encounter it's gonna take X
amount of time right Borg are us yes the
fifth edition D&D; and it took us in
total it took us five hours to get
through everything we did three hours
one night and then two extra hours the
next morning you finish the campaign
though they finished my campaign yes how
did your children do they they did all
right like they got the rules right away
and we're blowing my dungeon master mind
with the stuff that they wanted to do
really like for example so they didn't
just run in and try to hit everything
with a thorn they they did a little bit
but like I I intentionally kind of
slowed them down with some puzzle II
areas and I kind of hinted that they
should use other abilities and then they
found some treasure using other
abilities so then they started like
using abilities and really thinking
outside the box which was great like for
example they were they were in a fight
with some orcs and they were winning the
fight because obviously I made all the
encounters rather easy because it was
everybody's first time playing yeah to
the point where there was only one orc
left and what I decided as the DM is
that orc knew that the battle was lost
and was going to run away
and so I started you know using the orcs
speed points to make it run away instead
of fighting and people were chasing him
and the orc got all the way out of the
we're stuck here what do you do WASD
here okay so the orc the orc got away
and everybody kind of thought that that
was the end of it so later what I
decided was after so many things
happened that orc was going to come back
with some reinforcements and he brought
a cave troll with so I quit grabs a
ninja turtle out of our toy chest to be
the cave troll because they were all
Legos and so I was like yeah it's
perfect you know they were there Legos
were this big the cave Rose was perfect
right purpose and so you know my thought
was oh this will just be night like a
nice boss battle like a cave troll yeah
but what my kids decided to do was they
they said can I jump on the cave troll
and I said well what do you want to do
and they said I want to jump on it and
steer it because they watched me play
God of War so so immediately I was like
oh yeah role dexterity role strength and
you know they had to roll dexterity
every turn to make sure they were
hanging onto the trail right and then
they literally used the troll to beat up
the other bad guys and then we're riding
him around the dungeon as much as I
could like they were just doing a
bonkers shit and I loved it and it was
it was great they were they were doing
things that I completely did not think
of I came up with a little pressure
plates puzzle to open a jack yeah how do
you feel about that video games
taking away that creativity from young
kids these days right right these games
nowadays they're they bring out the
worst to be fair they did have the troll
do something they saw in a video game
well but but but by the way that's why I
do I do
admit that I'm a cranky old man because
you can watch something you can play a
video game and get inspired yeah yeah
art inspires more arts I know I get it I
get it but I had this I'm an asshole
oh no it's fun jerk no I was funny
that's right it's so fun so I had one
treasure room that I had on a little
pressure plate puzzle where they had to
stand on specific pressure plates to
open the puzzle door but as soon as they
got off the pressure plates the puzzle
the puzzle room door would slam back
shut right yeah and so they had to find
something heavy to put on it I had this
whole puzzle thing worked out and then
my wife that sucks
oh my god you lost an arm knew so then
my wife decides like hey can I jump off
the pressure plate into the into the
room before the the gate closes and so
you know I decide how difficult that
will be in heaven roll some dice and she
makes it she rolls well enough to make
it into the room but then she's trapped
in the treasure room because you need
three people on the other side to open
the door so she got trapped in there for
like ten solid real-world minutes like
figuring out how to get out it was great
super great it was it was fantastic
thinking of puzzles and then watching my
players completely ignore them just just
like a game dev just like I do in games
and you they need to you need to have a
clear objective but it's Halle terror
art anyway I we had a great time oh my
god I'm just doing terribly she wasn't
she was in a spot where she had to go
all the way around to get over there she
couldn't come on man his first mission
mission I'm not getting my jump Jets
what do you mean something you get in
later missions so you can jump you have
little rocket boosters that's right and
dirty to get up on a roof during the the
tutorial they uh they said that we broke
our jumped yeah that's right yeah
jack is a master of the dungeons now I I
know enough
spoilers check what they weren't broke
sabotage not by Mastiff though he's
helping us know I hit know by someone
else I think I know by who I think I got
that fucker
Jack had more fun with one game and D&D;
than I had in like seven to be fair it
was my first experience with D and E so
uh you know I'm sure like years down the
line when I've been playing for a while
I'm gonna look back and be like oh man
what a dumb campaign
what a silly campaign but I had a great
time the kids had a great time my at my
ten year old then spent the entirety of
the next day writing his own dungeon
because now he wants to be the dumb to
know which is great like fine be the
dungeon master cuz now I want to play
like I want to be a character you know
I'm gonna be a I'm rollin a character
right now it's a half-orc monk I'm good
at kung fu but half for again loner I'm
feeling very low Nuri right now so
multipass next amount I can tell back in
the days no master would have allowed it
without crazy-ass dexterity throws your
lenient diem jack you decide if it's
going to be a compliment or an insult I
well you know I think I am I was with
his children oh no no that's I think
they were saying it's it's a end it was
all of our first time playing not just
with children everybody's first time
playing right so uh yeah I was I was
definitely being a little more lenient
and and really I was being lenient to
anything that I wasn't expecting like if
they did anything I wasn't expecting I
wanted that to happen to see where it
would go uh-huh like let's let's go down
this rabbit hole a little bit part of my
part of my story as I had a red herring
gem they the the perfect they were
treasure hunters and they were looking
for a specific Jama a bright green gem
yeah so I decided to have it I'd have a
red herring is like the gem on a very
big and ornate obvious altar with a
relatively simple door to get through
right but that would be a fake that
would be a phony there'd be other rooms
that they'd have to explore to find the
key to the right thing right and so they
found the rock and then they didn't
inspect it they just put it in their bag
right oh wow and then they left the
dungeon without completely exploring
every room to go back to their boss
because they found the jam and I was
like oh shit they I wanted them to look
at the rock to be and say like oh it
kind of looks like it's just a painted
rock this doesn't but they didn't they
ignored that and just went back to home
base Suzanne I think that all the way
back to home base they got all the way
back to home base and I had to be I had
to like then take on the voice of their
boss the person who sent them on the
treasure I think I was like this is a
painted rock what are you doing you
idiot
you called your your seven-year-old
child you know I didn't call them idiots
that's what I say now but you should
have had the djembe like cursed picked
it up and like it turn into a monster
well that was the the main story is the
gem that they were getting as soon as
they brought it outside the cave
it started the curse of the undead oh
yeah yeah and they were sent on the
mission to get it by the person who
wanted to start the rise of the oh my oh
yeah it's a whole story so like that was
my that was my lead-in into part 2 where
they have to fight the the army of the
undead
you know I cuz every story needs to end
on a an appropriate cliffhanger I feel
every single one forever and ever
right what happens when it gets canceled
D&D; can never be cancelled I own the
books rich that's not there's no DRM on
me and owning the books there will be
when it's slowly available on like the
App Store and your phone and sure well
but see actually right now all of the
base rules are available for free online
by Wizards of the coast like by the
people who write the books because they
want it they want people to get a little
hooked and then you know delve deeper
and deeper so you can get all of the
basic rules for free which i think is
really nice it's complicated as hell I
could start a whole movement and book
deal about parenting with D&D; no cuz
I'll just get a lot of Christian
backlash you're teaching my kids but
Satan
now to be fine no it's fun it's it's
good fun the kids like it the kids like
the kids love making shit up and and
more so like the expression that the
kids get when they finally figured it
out and it might not be their turn yet
but you can see their face go I know
what I'm gonna do I know what I'm gonna
do
ken can I push over that statue on top
of the orcs to smoosh them I roll the
dice man let's see if you can that's a
great idea right like their mind starts
to explode with the possibilities and
that is great that is super great about
D&D; don't forget about using some of
your dude's abilities to fire up
multiple targets at once not focus fire
man focus fire kill one then he's dead
yep yeah and once one time I got like a
sharp shot thing where I could I could
target is like this one what's the
called shot what is that I
how do you give that oh there's a it's
an ability yeah well when they're
knocked down you can do it oh maybe that
was it cuz like that I saw this little
map thing and you don't get to do this
you don't get this pic specifically
where you shoot all the time and I said
to myself do I really want to do that
right no one on the grounds almost dead
this guy's got a lot of firepower let's
see we could take out a locust
did a lot of damage yeah
always important to take out dudes as
fast as possible like to dinner today
you know I could get to know him a
little bit see if they're a good match I
don't know if dinner is the best place
though you know sometimes it's nice just
to go for a walk and just start talking
about shit I don't know I don't know
what classes are they playing with we
have one human druid this was a human
magic user nature magic user and I did
have to fudge that a little bit with
their character because that's my
ten-year-old and he really wanted to use
lightning power but technically the
druid didn't have lightning power but I
was like ants on magic it's fine he
really wanted to be a druid for some
reason and not like a regular wizard
with who can use the lightning power and
so yeah but of coria's D&D; make it up
it's all fudging it's all fudging then
we have a halfling rogue and and a half
orc barbarian so a pretty a well
balanced team I feel you know you got
the half-orc barbarian you can do a ton
of damage the Rogue is my is my
seven-year-old who all he wants to do is
hang back with shoot arrows at people
which is perfect for the room which
missed the secret what secret
I missed a secret you're not done with
the fight you was is there anything in
that house like can you destroy that
house because you can do that with it
yeah I have no good reason to destroy
that house so I haven't Oh
maybe after you're done with this fight
maybe just walk over there see if
anything happens there's lots of
structures elsewhere in the game oh okay
that's not unique to here gotcha
ed destroyed nice nice because your
fossil I'll never get I'll never get a
live stream of Jax D&D; yeah yeah I don't
know that all that'd take a little work
and we need more people we would
definitely definitely need some more
people to do a D&D; stream just because I
can't imagine you know just rich going
through my campaign would be very
entertaining but a Dean you know not out
of the question
just play all the roles ayats it's super
neither there were but there were a ton
of just wonderful little moments you
know where someone would get that
critical fail and you'd have to think of
an appropriate punishment for them you
know rolling a 1 and when that orc was
running away my my wife who was playing
the half-orc barbarian started chasing
them but she rolled like three ones in a
row and so I kept having her like drop
her weapons and so then she was like
okay I have like a javelin in my
backpack I'm gonna throw the javelin and
you know she rolled poorly and missed
all right I'm gonna throw my other
gentleman roll poorly I've won more dry
like she just kept on failing and
failing became like a little running gag
as this orc was leaving you know was
running away it was so beautiful and
then like I said like later I had that
orc come back with friends and an ogre
but originally in my final battle I had
a whole different enemy plan for the
battle but I was like oh no this will
fit better in the story so like I had to
quick rewrite some stuff and it's just I
I get it I totally get why people can be
fully engrossed in Dungeons & Dragons
it's all those little moments that
happen kind of sporadically for a knight
that really made it special so hopefully
it's something I do often
how lucky do I feel like that I have a
wife who I can do stuff like play D&D;
with it's it's great it's fantastic
if it was I think I do think the kids
had a lot of influence on that I just
think if if I said hey honey do you and
me want to play some D she my I mean she
might have but she might have been a
little less willing to dedicate two full
days to it and have me completely take
over our kitchen table like for three
days because I was not messing up my map
I had my map spread out the entirety of
the kitchen table and I think she would
have been more sour with that but no
it's it's fantastic but you know I talk
about this all the time Lisa's super
into board games and so she's down she
just wants to play it's great so they
only have it I'll say my target
little tank
Oh keep your an overheat alert rich and
it's fine okay Omega she'll get a
timeout so get it say you get a timeout
I got to teach them how to use combo
powers well listen I'm as we play we
will get deeper and deeper into all the
silly stuff you can do III something I
still don't quite understand is now how
we level them up because you're like
with every encounter you can assign
experience points and then your
characters can grow and gain new
abilities I still don't understand how
that works I got to watch like 20 more
YouTube videos before we can do that
because now my kids are just begging me
like we got it level up my characters
got to be more powerful now and it's
like I don't know how to do that yet so
there's a hope there's more there's way
more there's fucking so much to the game
just say fuck it your level to now right
can you do that I don't know like yeah
your level - you're a little bit
stronger and everything and figure it
out I don't know I think the DM can do
whatever the fuck they want oh I can but
I'm trying to stick to somewhat formal
rules so that you know as we grow were
we're growing correctly but Jeff what
channel are you looking at for tutorials
oh my god so many I'm watching so many
multiple I'm watching multiple you
something that I'm watching just to kind
of understand how game structure works
is the guys over at corridor digital
have a gaming second channel called node
n OD II and it's just a full playthrough
of one D&D; session you know multiple
hours broken up through video so I'm
watching that just to kind of understand
how a game works because I know the I
don't know them but I watch corridor
digital so I know the guys and so I'm
comfortable watching that I've been
watching
who was it I'll just go I'll just go
into my YouTube history which is 90%
YouTube videos Matthew Colville he has a
series on the first time you are a DM
which has been really helpful in he kind
of runs through like setting up an easy
campaign and why you're doing the things
you're doing so he's he's been really
great to watch just to get some DM tips
dungeon master tips what else do we got
here what else do we got here WS ad 20
is a is a channel that has a bunch of
simple D&D; rules I've been watching a
few of those pro Jarrod had had a whole
thing called Dee in December where like
all of his videos in December were we're
kind of explaining the core rules of D&D;
actually I want his video was really
helpful pro Jarrod had a really great
video on creating your character and all
of the math involved in creating a
character so
that that really helped Ryan Bayes I'm
telling you I've become this is it has
been an obsession with mine for a while
Ryan Bayes had a really great if you're
a dungeon master how to handle all the
combat numbers so oh so fucking many and
still watching all of those videos I
feel like I just barely understand
everything I'm talking about hours
I've watched but it's been it's all been
very helpful all of those videos have
been incredibly helpful because they
kind of just give you scenarios and what
will happen in those scenarios and then
you can extrapolate
so that yeah like I've just been
watching a ton the the thing I've been
really enjoying is watching the corridor
digital guys and their know the corridor
digital guys and they're just their
playthrough of the story just so I like
because then you know what happens is in
the story the character does something
and I see someone roll the dice and then
I try to figure out why they roll the
dice and so then I go to like three
other YouTube videos but just watching a
playthrough with people I enjoy watching
I can see now why people like that
Harmon quest and all those D&D; because
there's just our critical role from the
geek and sundry like it's it's fun it's
it's fun just watching a story just
improv with orcs
that's all D&D; is yes and an arrow to
the knee
I have not seen the video of Vin Diesel
playing D
I do know that Vin Diesel is a huge D&D;
nerd and I believe that's where he
originally met Paul Walker Vin Diesel
Ike met Paul Walker like playing D&D; and
then they started going they started
being in movies together or something
like that or they played D&D; or World
War II something is something nerdy with
Vin Diesel and Paul Walker button a fun
thing to do is to randomly have them
roll a perception check for no other
reason than to make them nervous
garbage Factory that's a great idea yes
oh yeah if everyone could just say you
know role perception right now I'm just
real quick and then like pretend to
write down all their numbers okay yeah
go ahead fuck oh my god you died yeah
wasn't doing good sorry
yeah wasn't doing good yeah Wow Wow
that sucked yeah fucking suck you know
you get a bet you get some bad bad bad
rng there sometimes I did Oh was it your
horrible was it your mistake uh I made
some bad positioning mistakes early on
where I didn't get line of sight and
then one was getting beat up early sure
yeah I'm with you
yeah that way you don't have to go
through the tutorial again when's the
last time you saved I wonder this
happened to me the first time - good
then never knew the first time then I
get roasted on XCOM 2 by selecting weird
difficulty options I didn't like weird
difficulty options options I just
selected a harder difficulty and it
fucking schooled babe yeah hey guys
David Dino people day V Dino people is
how you pronounce that name here
you guys should really play injustice -
it's the perfect time because Han Solo
comes out next week you guys excited
moving on moving on yes we lime
we will playing justice to at some point
I have nothing I have no problem playing
injustice - we had a lot of fun playing
in just this one I had a lot of fun
playing justice won cuz it's silly I
like silly things rich
I think Hellboy's an injustice - and the
Ninja Turtles that's fun yeah that's
silly I want I want Hellboy to punch
Catwoman silly a Jigglypuff says time to
grade finals paper papers not sure how
riches laugh will affect grades but
let's find out
thanks guys for the stream welcome good
luck grading papers that's gotta be
tough being a being being a teacher and
acts you're like oh this is gonna decide
someone's future like I can't make a
mistake
one grading these papers cuz then I
could really mess someone up
I did not rich did you see Deadpool - no
neither did I I still haven't seen one
yet you still haven't seen one yet I
still haven't seen one yet Oh
interesting that's good
this is good I'm looking forward to
seeing Deadpool - maybe I'll do that
tomorrow that's what I usually do I I do
like to go Monday morning to go see the
big movies nice empty theatres and get a
call for you I think Deadpool is doing
just fine without me
he needs that he needs that extra 12
bucks for it
he's that extra 12 bucks
very aggressive marketing campaign for
Deadpool - yeah everywhere fucking
everywhere some of Italy fun but actual
ads are just like the different
publicity stunts they're doing the the
the publicity stunts have been
everywhere
yeah like did you see the thing where
they were replacing DVD covers of movies
know like in Walmart you know they're
DVD section they the Deadpool
advertising team made special Deadpool
covers of every movie they were selling
uh and so then the entire wall of DVDs
for like Shrek had a picture of Deadpool
like then it goes viral and it's a
relatively cheap ad I'm saying it's
everywhere and that's actually it's been
a little much for me like I know
Deadpool is coming out you don't need to
you don't need to hit this over my head
hammer this in oh no and I agree it's
been going viral and I'm sure it's been
great for the advertising teams like
they've made a good name for themselves
but it's everywhere to the point where
slow down slow down
pump the brakes
and it did 300 million worldwide this
weekend so it worked there you go hey I
mean that's it Oh big whiff big whiff
Queen miss rich clean miss that wasn't
did you punch him
did you robot punch him punch me oh I do
like the red lines yeah that was always
that was always an issue with for me
with with XCOM is you know there was an
indicator whether or not you had a clear
line of sight to the enemy there's like
that little eyeball indicator but you
know it's one of those things that if
you weren't paying attention it was easy
to block out here there is a bright
fucking red line like yes you can hit
the the person and I do like that you
can't get my decide I'm fucking anything
you piece of shit and you can't get past
her can you do anything
to anything
doesn't he have any lobby Rockets ah no
he doesn't
I don't bother they go well there you go
all right
I'm gonna take a break you're gonna take
a break let's take a break oh I'm just
gonna take a break mmm I'm gonna I'm
gonna stop you don't go in the main menu
yeah let's fuck that turn Wow I'm gonna
take a break
Wow doesn't he bring rich needs a break
what's happening
rich rich is gonna go pray to the rng
gods right now just may all your dice be
balanced may all your rolls be critical
well then that I mean I think he's gonna
get his max a little closer together as
he cuz you know you know when the where
the battle is so anyway how are you guys
what's going on let's see if we have
some tips which I think we do where are
we
nope OOP there we go the 17v only said
hey guys long time fan first time tipper
why is Mike such a dick to rich because
it's funny joke it's a gag gagg Sean
underscore says hitting with melee
attacks drops heat to Jack oh that's
good that's good to know rich Evans
reminds you that you don't drop heat if
you whip though you think that would
that be a big error yeah but this is a
lot of airflow so you really drop heat
if you with the secret to this game
though is to grind fights and get scrap
weapons and items I like I said I didn't
even know that there was this whole
business running operation thing I
haven't gotten that far in the game so
I'm excited for that part ok yeah
scratch I'm starting from scratch
starting from scratch from from my head
yeah soul get there rich I'm starting
from scratch yet there I'm getting there
like scratch do you think it's your
character do you think you need a new
character that much stretch yeah let's
start new all right that's fine no not
like I I'm sure I'll get all the rules
I'm very early on so I'm sure I will
understand all the rules but it is it's
it's a little cumbersome especially like
picking what weapon you
gonna fire with if you're doing that
manually and I always negotiate for
scrap not if you're fighting shitty
mechs
Oh
mmm
I tried cutting my prices just for
reputation a couple of times I don't
know that it was worth it you can do
that you can take a contract for almost
nothing and then they like you more
interesting so there there is some depth
in the in the MEC management business
presumably I haven't I haven't had this
happen yet because I've mostly just been
fighting pirates but I'm presuming that
if you end up hired to fight another
faction that that will make them like us
I'm presuming this sure yeah I would
agree I would think word would get
around that you're helping their enemy
which has not perfected his trad said he
is not I'm just playing shitty I played
this home and I was not that bad well
there you get your full concentration
yeah
not fuck around
all right Daniel from SL says hey how's
it going Jack and rich loving the work
on both red letter media and this I have
a question yeah what is your opinion on
that particular thing that was a close
one he almost got me you almost got me
because sometimes you know I'll just
read them yep but yeah I have learned to
kind of read a couple words ahead just
to see if there's anything weird oh no
it's it wasn't anything too bad just
would have been a silly thing for me to
read like the jack off a horse one yeah
like one of those kind of things like
the fabs
okay says love you guys also just a
heads up to check out adventure mode
when you start playing Hyrule warriors
alongside the main story and I think you
two would have a blast I would and
congrats on 100k so Frank dynasty
warriors oh it's alright listen I've
only played the first mission and I love
it already I love it already
classic dynasty warriors go run over
here shoot the bad guys that come along
so great so fucking great
don't worry I'll stream some it'll be
fun it'll be super fun ritual ritual
zone out and he'll pay attention to chat
which you guys also love and I'll have a
great time and I'll have a great great
time
let's see chat is saying rep gives you
more difficult missions quicker yeah but
you go grip broken the meats balanced
rich it's all about bounds I think
you're I think you need a bearded guy
bearded game yeah like how bearded
what about him this guy I mean first of
all you know that's just fine fairly
badass look at him fairly badass that's
Kratos now that I think about it a
little bit Kratos Mick Mick Kratos boom
and NDR met your met callsign his boy Oh
God Slayer now you got it rich now you
got a win and run you're welcome you're
welcome everyone I know it's fun to use
names from chat but that was the correct
call and if you think about it you'll
all agree I think you will call his mech
boy right no his callsign as the god
Slayer is was the correct call
way can you name your mechs I don't know
if you can try if you can name your reps
it needs to be boy absolutely one of the
smaller ones that one of my crew is
piloting yeah boy boy I get over here
it's great
sorry but I don't want to see Kratos
ride his boy
Touche that's just completely out of the
question
Touche you're absolutely right pulling
it back reeling in everybody rich
thought about it for two seconds and
that's his job that's why he makes the
big bucks you think about him for two
seconds but you know what actually I
actually did play a little bit of
Adventure mode in Hyrule warriors and
it's cute it's a it's like a little map
of the original Legend of Zelda from the
NES and then every square is a little
mini challenge like in this square you
need to defeat the 300 enemies within 15
minutes yeah and then you kind of reveal
more of that original map and yeah it's
it it looks like that thing in Dynasty
Warriors that I kind of fell in love
with which is you know new items new
characters new fun over-the-top
ridiculous story and it's great and it's
great I'm gonna have a lot of fun with
it
and we'll play it on stream but that's
alright look rule 34 God of War art is
going to involve Kratos and the head
that mirror the mirror and cratons Amir
and everyone in the game there's gonna
be some Amir and Freya there's gonna be
some Amir and Thor's kids you know in
some sort of awful 3-way or you know two
point one way sorry that's alright I try
to be asked that was that was I thought
a pretty good punch line we'll see how
the chat reacts to that but okay then I
see a couple people haven't thanked what
wasn't the head and Thor's kids in some
sort of bizarre three-way or really a
two
one way time that's all right okay so
now you're going full tutorial again
again just going through everything yeah
scratch just scratch fuck it I like it
none fucking now you now you have Kratos
so you're fine you're fine God it says
God Slayer boom boom user notice Jarek
42 is new here say hello hi Jarek 42 pro
tip save the game often Oh like rich
rich do you want to be the saves gun I
did that to get through
XCOM - and even though I won it didn't
feel like I want I did a fair amount of
saves coming - to finish the the story
of XCOM - and you know what it wasn't
worth it it didn't it didn't feel like a
like a win you know it didn't feel right
so how much is a win worth you guys
that's something for you to think about
mr. Street saves coming and setting
reasonable checkpoint so that's between
missions man yeah the game sets its own
checkpoints no saving your progress
isn't saves coming but I think the the
the the intent of that message was
leaning towards save scumming like oh
I'll save right now and then I'm about
to shoot down this guy I'm gonna save
scum
I'm gonna save right now and if my shot
doesn't land I'm just gonna load my
previous save and I'll try the shot
again yeah yeah like it's a
single-player game play it however the
fuck you want sure but XCOM to an
Ironman mode so satisfying it feels it
feels right yeah yeah yeah consequences
the horrible horrible consequences
that's literally the whole point of a
game is to put a hurdle in front of you
and to see if you can jump over that's
the point of every game every challenge
right and so what satisfaction can you
be can you get in beating it in cheating
it in cheating the system alright let's
see here
sighs Sperling says Jack you should
track down the first edition adventurer
expedition to the barrier Peaks it is an
adventure where the dungeon is a crashed
spaceship full of homicidal robots and
with laser guns and it is notoriously
difficult and great role-playing fodder
satorious too difficult he's playing
with a seven-year-old
playing with my children how well the
seven intent I've said that I've said
that already
yeah so I've said that already so yeah
I'm playing with children and beyond
that it's all even my first time playing
so you know maybe once we are you know
accustomed to the regular rules but
speaking on that subject one of the
things that I do like about it is it is
like at its heart D&D; is just kind of a
rule set right and it's just a way to
say like if something happens here's how
you said the difficulty and here's how
the player can roll a die to see if they
overcome that difficulty thing right so
the same rules that the exact same rule
set can be applied to lasers and you
know guns and anything like your
characters can have anything they want
and if your character has a blaster you
treat it like a bow and arrow you know
and it's just it's the exact same coin
so you can have space adventures using
the D&D; hand but why not you can mix and
match that's why I liked when my team
you know my kids were like building
their lego guys and you know like one of
them just had a pistol he's like that
guy has a gun all right that guy has a
gun because why not it doesn't matter
they don't give a shit about like being
true to Toki in mythology they just want
to have fun so it was great
one of them fantasy worlds with lost
technology oh yeah I liked it I liked it
maybe that could be a treasure that they
find yeah I found this in the tomb of
the ancient ones I call it the Thunder
bring a modern modern civil a
civilization was destroyed when magic
came back to life Jack rich you you're a
dungeon master congratulations you've
done it fight through this dungeon and
the prizes you get a ancient car
a Ferrari you you get the thunderous
beast 'less carriage they re yeah it's
fun it's fast off fun an evil dead RPG
would be epic but see like that's the
thing right it using these rules right
and Evil Dead RPG
congratulations rich you just invented
Shadowrun I didn't know that about
shadow run but I got news for you
Shadowrun invented Thundarr the
Barbarian apparently by that logic oh
what's thunder the Barbarian old 80s
cartoon yeah
same kind basic premise is like
civilization civilization crumbled and
everyone was like barbarian times but
they'll be like ruined skyscrapers in
the background boom there you go there
you go how do you pout power the Ferrari
what battery would fuel well obviously
there'd be a little in it left to make
it a little uh you know I was only so
much Thunder water remaining yes it's in
an old garage so there's some Thunder
water there yeah I like it and it's got
limited use yes and and you find you
find the the Thunder beast las' carriage
the Thunder carriage and and you know
then the other part of your mission is
to find the the cube of lightning
because without without the cube of
lightning you cannot start the Thunder
beast up we have a long talk about our
feelings on our way to pick up the cube
of lightning I think that
bond on building relationship and that's
the thing that rich that people will
remember they'll remember it and then
you know as far as coming up with combat
scenarios I'll just copy and paste some
you know that we'll get that out of the
way though don't worry - the good stuff
it's true the Commission did you freeze
you have to press the begin Michigan oh
I might have crashed I'll fuck sake it
might have crashed oh yeah he crashed
rich I'm sorry
fuck's sake I'm very sorry
can't get out of it - done crash it oh
my god that's the question
politic is not working for me today yeah
apparently not it's just not apparently
done it doesn't it doesn't want you it
doesn't want you to accomplish your
mission here all right let's see here we
have true blue review who says hey guy
hey guys is that's an S with rich
playing Battletech and Jack talking D&D;
poorly you still playing it you're still
playing battle deck and I'm talking to
you D has there ever been a game that
was too complex for you to want to get
into part of me doesn't want to feel
stupid for not getting it but part of me
also just wants to have fun there's
personal taste I can't think of I can't
go on that's been too complicated for me
off the top of my head what do you got
Oh unrelated I thought you had there's a
copy of something here that you were
about to them to share the class your
timing with getting up said what let's
see - Oh nuts off the top of my head but
I mean if you just want games that are
lighter I'm this nothing wrong with that
skip the intro great my my phone was
running out of batteries and that's how
we're reading the tips currently oh and
I knew in here somewhere we had a very
long I phone cable and so I just needed
a so games that were too difficult to
get into I there there are games that
I've heard people people like when
people talk about dota or dota 2 right
yeah they say like I didn't really
understand don't know you just click on
things where you just click on things
right but they say like I didn't get the
game until I played it for 800 hours and
then I finally understood dota 2 and
it's just like to me yeah that's way too
much there's way too many little things
Battletech does seem intimidating it
does have a lot of little things but I
feel like once you play it a little bit
you'll get it I'm just doing terribly
tonight really early did bad ones and
then we just had trouble getting another
game even really know now you that
wasn't your fault we're gonna say that
wasn't your fault but I will say that
the same fellow collected this seems to
oh you know it's working I will say the
learning curve to actually start playing
my first game of D&D; was a little
ridiculous yeah I I feel like if someone
wants to get into it maybe a little
quicker maybe a little smoother fight
you have to find a group you have to
find someone who already knows how to
play it and they can kind of walk you
through a simple game yeah hard to get
started in the first place if that's the
case Gary Gygax traveled around the
country like Johnny fucking Appleseed he
was he was Gary demon seed and he just
started playing with people I don't
think that's a good question on how to
deke
John I think I think people like us yeah
get bored and get obsessive and Gary
Gygax and oh who was the other guy do we
remember his name
Gary Gygax is just such an interesting
name I I don't remember the other guy's
name
he was Gary demon seed anyway that you
know they wrote the manual and then the
Nerds found this manual and obsessively
memorized the rules and then they taught
their friends and you know like it DMD
has never been huge it's never broken
like you know it's mainstream enough
where people know it but I don't know if
that many people play it Dave Arneson
thank you
Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson Arneson but
uh you know the other thing to think
about with D&D; is if you have a group of
friends and you want to play D&D; you
just kind of buy one book yeah for the
entire group of friends and so like if
there's five kids you know pooling your
money together for one book that's a
pretty decent investment yeah so III do
think there is a there's a nice built in
it work this time no this is the first
tutorial did you save after it I crash I
didn't have an opportunity to do
anything oh shit Oh for fuck's sake well
just power is their way to skip the
tutorial I can't imagine that you have
to do this tutorial every time I think I
do well
the loading must be console right orange
chrome obviously we are playing this on
a pc yeah but and it's not just this
computer because we're streaming at home
my nice gaming pc it loading it takes a
while it's it's honestly a little nice I
photocopied my friends manual of dark
dark lands for copy protection 300 plus
pages yeah I I think I think it's very
true it's it's you know they say that's
one of the that's one of the main
reasons why soccer is the most popular
sport in the world is because you know
420 guys you just need one soccer ball
yeah and so it's like it's just an easy
the barrier to entry is very low and I
think it's similar for D&D; with nerds
we're counselors don't crash will the
game crash not the PC you say console
games never crash never rich we've never
had that happen get out of here do you
both play from an SSD I play from an SSD
at home this is an SSD I assume I don't
think this is running from an SSD for
space reasons oh okay at home I'm
running off of a solid state yeah and it
the loading times are noticeable
noticeable and you're playing on an SSD
yeah and I'm playing from a solid state
is what I will say
we need to get you cooled off and you
help me help me
alright norm cavalier says the blue says
the blue actions precision shot
vigilance on the right side of the bar
are enabled when your morale meter to
the left of the MechWarrior portrait is
high enough yeah okay left I'll have to
check that out when we get into actual
combat again I didn't even notice a
morale meter that might not be in this
first tutorial mission you had through
fate and circumstance we have not been
able to get through what we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it I believe in us
right I don't even have the option to
save her okay so that's fine we gather
just get through it you can do it as
soon as you get out of this one and you
start escorting the princess then you'll
probably able to save
I recently bought a copy of fallout 1
from gog and played it through for old
times sake there was something recently
where it was either on Steam or on GOG
they were giving out like free copies of
fallout 1 it's like yeah don't download
fallout 1 babies play it why not why not
yeah and I played it for a little bit
and holy man that's an old game yeah
holy man is the combat like RPG stuff rj
RPG style tech turns lacking at each
other that's how you fall asleep there
is a real time issue element to it a lot
like the newer ones but yeah it's it's
not so it's not perfect it's not like
pause time while I go through the Excel
spreadsheet JRPG well while you use the
most efficient attack over and over
again a thousand times yeah a little bit
like that until you fall asleep a little
bit like that and then you got a grind
hey JRPGs I didn't get I didn't get very
far through it just because I got lost
like right away it's not like that all
right
I've never played the early fall outs
and played much of the later ones so you
fucking heretic so yeah you might I
might have just upset a lot of people
there
it's fine everything's fine 20 fallout
one came out 20 years ago that's this is
a long time yeah we don't we don't stop
aging jack why it's not a thing that's
gonna happen what's rich Valiant
bloodshot says hey guys I thought
Deadpool 2 was just okay the best parts
were everything but Deadpool himself
we're dead fooling himself I demand a
colossus and negasonic spin-off also
have you guys seen the trailers for the
happy time murders and the house that
Jack built
no I saw the trailer for the happy time
murders well so like one Deadpool 2 was
in colossus and negasonic teenage
warhead only work because of Deadpool
they are the the straight men - Deadpool
being the idiot
if it was just colossus and negasonic
teenage warhead it'd be kind of boring
you need them to play off of Deadpool I
saw the trailer for happy time murders
and I'm I'm honestly I don't know how I
feel about it yet it's the new meghan
mccarthy movie where it's it's it's it's
who framed roger rabbit but instead of
cartoons it's puppets okay puppets are
real and someone's going around
murdering puppets and meghan mccarthy
melissa mccarthy so
the game crashed again how embarrassing
I want to get to the fun stuff but I
can't even get past the tutorial how
embarrassing
the real fight is getting the game to
run okay how about this rich here's okay
before we completely give up on battle
uh-huh
we need to go in and tweak some of the
settings just lower some of the settings
obviously and then we'll give it one
more time and if we crash or lose our
save again fuck it we'll find something
else that's what that's that's how I
want to roll with it however you want to
roll whether you tell me you tell me
yeah let's take a moment
so it's Melissa McCarthy uh-huh from
what now thing the happy time murders
okay Melissa McCarthy is a cop who's
partner is a puppet and puppets are we
are real-life people not a hand right
okay and someone's going around
murdering puppets and so basically it's
it's it's a crass puppets the puppets
have sex there's an elongated puppet
ejaculation bit in the trailer and yes
it's it's to me it sounds like a funny
premise for like an internet video or
it's like oh yeah this could be a really
funny five minute sketch but also the
whole it's like puppets
but they're doing cocaine things seems
like very early 2000s like we're over
that joke already I feel yeah
but look I could see this being a funny
Internet video that everyone got a kick
out oh that's cute you know a Netflix
exclusive
maybe like you know 20 minutes right
like just something something silly
something small but because it's a full
movie I just think the joke
I think the joke is old before they
wrote the movie it's like puppets but
you know they're they're doing adult
things right Greg the bunny team America
World Police Crank Yankers meet the
Feebles Avenue Q these are all great
examples of this joke already being done
and over with but it could be fine out
of them
yes beefcake something that would that
would you know go up on Funny or Die
maybe you'd get a couple funny gifts out
of it and then you know just be done
with it but we'll see what is it known
puppet stunts are just made up just made
up like just their puppets you know the
question is what's what are you guys
betting that it's going to have the
exact same opening as Who Framed Roger
Rabbit where it starts with a kids show
where puppets are there then the camera
and then after the kid shows over the
camera pulls back and the puppets start
acting like real people
beat for beat the exact same opening as
Who Framed Roger Rabbit yeah I'd say
there's a 90% no there's not as obvious
as the cartoon it's not as obvious
is Melissa McCarthy gonna fuck a puppet
Melissa McCarthy will have some sort of
sexual encounter with a puppet
whether a puppet goes down on her or
whether she has sex with a puppet yeah
something's gonna happen of course
that's a joke
that's a funny joke I gotta show it I
know how to rotate a camera okay now you
can get settings let's just lower it
lower those do you think so what if
Wright could see your qualities on high
maybe just bump that down to medium just
see if that helps and you know what if
it crashes again then we're done then
we're done
yeah we're done crash me once shame on
you
crash me three times shame on me to be
filmed at home yeah this game is not
crashed it hasn't crashed for me and do
every once in a while we do you know we
get stuff like this that happens because
we are also streaming and running that
program that's possible so which is why
we are you know saving up funds for a
dedicated streaming PC Jenn I tried
saving my game look there's the save
game option you can't unable to save I'd
say it's grayed out but it's read it out
it literally says cannot save during the
tutorial mission that's what it's what
it says
do graphics make any difference
instability I don't know I would assume
it would be less intensive on something
no how about that
i supposes but then again Moses supposes
his toeses as roses but Moses supposes
erroneously so we just don't know all
right what do we got here whatever I got
here we got a future Prez is he rich and
Jack with this being the 20-year
anniversary of Harry Potter number one
what are your thoughts on the series as
a whole also what houses do you think
you would have been sorted into thanks
to the stream and good luck rich I
watched the first movie and when he won
the day because his parents loved him I
threw up and didn't watch another one I
think it's a fair fair assessment that
was a little wee little weak a little
weak what did Harry Potter do well as
parents sure liked him yeah but what did
Harry Potter do he was there the smart
girl knew all the things the kid played
a great game in chess what did Harry
Potter do he got hugged by his parents
whoa yeah yeah fuck him yeah fuck Harry
Potter by the way I kind of agree with
you by the way I'm about to give a big
spoiler alert to Harry Potter because
rich doesn't care no I don't give a shit
at all so by the way I'm about to spoil
the ending of Harry Potter if you guys
care at all about that right about now
at the at the end of the I've only seen
the movies by the way I haven't read any
of the books but at the last movie yeah
there there's a whole prophecy about the
the one who will defeat Lord Voldemort
yeah and as it turns out by the way the
one who defeats Lord Voldemort is not
Harry Potter okay there was another
student at Hogwarts whose parents were
also killed by Voldemort but he was kind
of a minor character this whole time
like no one really cared about him just
kind of a nerd neville longbottom okay
his name he was the chosen one who
ended up killing Lord Baal okay and I
did like that twist I thought that was
fun sounds like an anti-climax are you
kind of well I I think in the books he's
built up a little bit more but yeah in
the movies all the sudden it's just like
Neville's here
you killed him everything's fine like
what who said Richard meant for kids why
the fuck you asking me what I think
about it wasn't I thought Neville
goddamnit I got it apparently I got it
wrong what do you mean Neville
Longbottom didn't kill jack that's not
right that's not how it happened fuck
well then there you go
that by the way that's how I invested I
am in Harry Potter I've seen the movies
once and I really thought that Neville
his parents weren't dead what I see that
the chat is informing me that I'm
incorrect I don't I don't care that was
a fan theory
he killed the snip what are you talking
about okay so rich yeah we've answered
the chat question we don't give a fuck
about her apparently I don't even know
about Harry Potter I saw the movies once
and that's about it all the movies I've
seen every movie yeah okay
I've seen every movie but my wife really
liked the books and so we watched all
the movies the kids have seen all the
movies my older one has actually read
all the books by now and and yes you
know it's fine I do I remember I think
it was the end of the third Harry Potter
movie which was when the series started
to get a little dark is what is when
like you know people were not crashing
and that's a good sign
the the third Harry Potter movies was
when like people started dying like
stuff started to get a little more
mature right and at the end of that
movie the movie ended with a still frame
of Harry Potter like riding on his broom
and doing like a fist pump to the air to
a freeze-frame go to credits that saw
the movie in it cuz he got a broom that
he really liked because you know he's a
wizard not for a second you're still
talking about Harry Potter
what Bru what my brain has moved on like
man like my brain is like worrying about
like my taxes next year doing laundry
you know important adult things all
right so which one ended with him
doesn't matter that matter we've been
trying I'm gonna stay on Harry Potter a
little bit but I'm gonna shift away from
the books nervous how about that that's
fine great we've been playing the Harry
Potter deck building game okay there's a
Harry Potter deck building game and the
game goes through the years at Hogwarts
getting more and more difficult as you
go through everybody wins because their
parents love them even though they're
completely incompetent at the game it's
a whole side mission it's a whole
there's a there's hidden cards there's
hidden hug you know what that it
actually has a hug your kid and save
immediately save immediately what are
you doing
game safe there you go there we go thank
you I've got your back
is this a 5-minute loading screen yes it
takes a long time to load yeah so we've
been playing through the hair yeah it's
not the most optimized game in the world
yeah that's that's putting it lately
Harry Potter Harry Potter card game the
point is we've made it all the way to
year four and the game has become
unbearably difficult to the point where
we've attempted five times and lost five
times for a card game based on Harry
Potter like the difficulty is curve
spiked at year for Jack yeah at this
point yeah
the average Harry Potter fan is thirty
that movie came out yeah how many years
ago oh they're saying the book it's the
20 year anniversary of the book okay
yeah
the average Harry Potter fan is 30 and
I'm saying it's too hard for that I
think the game's not balanced properly
he's Joe Flacco Ellie just started a
crash timer by the way just that you've
gotten this far they want to see how
long it takes okay okay
anyway that was it that was that was
that's all the Harry Potter I got I do I
remember the phenomenon No
I remember the phenomenom oh no day I
gotta remember how to pronounce his name
Dave in Oh people David no David no
people uh-huh
says hey guys I started playing Mass
Effect after Rich's prays over the first
two games during the and ro media
Andromeda debacle during the Andromeda
debacle okay
I'm really I also advised nobody to play
them because it's all undone by the
third game and you regret ever having
touched the series there was that whole
part of this very important chunk yeah
of my critique of the Mass Effect's I'm
really enjoying it so far and wondering
if you guys would do a sit down review
no over the original trilogy no it sucks
in hindsight because the third game is
just that bad they go and I just don't
care much for Bioware games in general
the third game is so bad it it ruins
your ability to enjoy the previous two
installments next thank you
I'm not using the laptop for tips
because I left it at home
because I was fixing it to make it run
faster and then forgot to bring it so
I'm looking up tips on my mobile phone
next Triple E review says have you guys
thought of streaming frost Punk from the
same people who made this war of mine
it's a post snow apocalyptic city
builder that has a focus on maintaining
heat and the morale choice the morale
choices and policy you have to make when
building your singular city ah you
didn't look like my thing I'm not a big
fan of stagnant resource management
games like that for which Frost poem
have you heard of this no it's a
post-apocalyptic game need art style
looking thing but it's basically a city
manager some aspects look neat but I
usually end up tuning out to games like
that so probably not gonna happen
nice nice nice that's right he sent
steady rich he's unsteady he's dead

[Part II]
unsteady he's dead mother there you go
check out that back armor I don't have
that kind of ability man it's the first
mission now curb stomp them I'm just
gonna shoot I mean I guess if you want
to do that too that's fine whatever
either way however you want playing
thoughts on the game so far so far well
because we're probably not gonna get to
it at this rate they it's good up until
you realize that they fucking ruined
mech customization oh yeah you were
talking about that earlier about
something that was bothering it you're
grossly limited with how you can
customize your mech really yeah hmm you
were older mech warrior games yeah you
pretty much had complete control to do
whatever you want I mean you can throw
eight you know nine fucking long-range
lasers on there you're gonna overheat
every time you try to shoot but you
could do it okay this ant that they have
something called hard points okay and
you're very limited on what you can
attach to the ship is that something
that you can give one energy weapon
hardpoint and two missile hard points so
you can only put two missile launchers
in a laser on there
you can't even it's not even like
generic weapon attachment point so I
couldn't put three lasers on there one
laser and two missiles and and it's like
what's the point of even having
customization at all at that fucking
point right right is that something you
think you'll be able to change later
like I don't I don't her there in the
game I don't think it's something I'll
be able to change later on I'm horribly
annoying sure sure
that's probably that's probably
something I would want is one mech only
lasers and then another mech maybe with
a little more mobility that has some
like missile capabilities yeah which is
a cleaner no I can't stand the stupid
generic warrior race
I hate them I am glad I am glad this
game takes place earlier in the timeline
and I'm not gonna have to see any of
those jackasses weapon hard points means
mechs are differentiated more than by
more than just tonnage so what I don't
care of each mech has its own individual
fucking identity I want to throw fucking
eight missile launchers on the goddamn
thing
why is my flight had to be ruined so you
can pretend that that mech is an unique
individual oh that's a good question
are there any chainsaw penises is there
an option for chainsaw penis
robot jacks No one out of ten one out of
ten out of the box get out of here
who's gonna be the first to mod in
chainsaw penis I will download that mod
and do a chainsaw penis only run make it
happen make it happen modders I will I
will live stream a chainsaw penis only
run if all of my mechs could have
changed our penises rich-rich went nuts
oh oh I was all looking for like like in
the other previous games I played they
weren't turned those there was the the
mech sims where you're in the cockpit
okay sure I played some of the older men
warrior games and i iaid some custom x4
just run it hot yeah loading up on on
some of the heavy laser weapon trees
generate a ton of heat but that us knows
my fucking choice right right guys many
heat sinks in theirs I could rails with
the lasers and fucking yeah yeah I I
went in this game I finally I finally
had some decent amount of cash and it
was like I had a Mac I wanted to make it
a close-range melee back I'm like you
know what I first some of the small
lasers on there because those
automatically go off when you're swaying
upon shell get like
maybe six yeah but no other weapons you
just
they only spit six molars I get the
hardpoint you can only attach one small
laser I could attach miss Allah a couple
of those I didn't want to use missile
launchers I wanted to be a fucking male
a bangle nope this is a missile launcher
with us one energy point back that's all
you could do and it completely sucked
the wind out of my sails I was all
looking forward to Dean I was planning
out my group and who was gonna do what
and the game shit all over me just
because I don't know the series do you
think it's possible rich that you'll be
able to eventually find a mech with the
right eight points tedious it does it
does but I'm trying to what if I like
the look of one more than the other no
yeah I get you that's a little that's a
little um doesn't matter super
superficial it's a little superficial
but I get what you're saying is at one
point you had customization and that's
what you came to explain completely
reason yes and this series seems to have
now removed no option yeah yeah
pack the game oh yeah maybe maybe some
mods will help take care of that but
they ain't out yet
which way are you facing
back shot yeah classic backstab
I just think without arms oh I guess he
has arms okay like without arms that
just look she she just - oh okay I just
I was focusing on the one that didn't
have arms cuz it's weird just looks
weird when they don't have arms they
already have the mods rich they already
got the months all right well then you
end up with a question was it with you
know is the game really balanced for
that sure they balanced it with
extremely limited weapon choices in mind
yeah and if we're going to do a full
sit-down review of this yeah it should
be the vanilla it should be the vanilla
version and not the modded version with
possibly a little asterisk section
saying hey a little bit I played the
modded version and did you get this one
specific mod at this time I hope
assuming they don't ever update this mod
it you know it's a better different
experience
all right
oh yeah lucha Jones this is the the plan
is that this is the next sit-down review
game that is that is the plan and so
then yeah that's that's a question is
like in that sit-down review should it
be for the vanilla game I mean the
answer is obviously yes most of it
should be but if there's one mod that
makes a very drastic difference then we
should talk about that yeah yeah seems
like rich doesn't like Hyrule warriors
rich rich doesn't like dynasty warriors
right right and that's by the way
perfectly fair which does not have to
like the dynasty Warriors series it's
okay for people to like different things
I mean there's there's dumb and then
there's brain-dead and you know
sometimes you want to watch a foreign
art house flicks with full captions and
sometimes you just want to watch bad
boys too and have a great time just
wanna just sit back and and then watch
face off and have a great time
if a game's vanilla discussion
constantly leads back to mods it might
be important exactly exactly but but you
know the the point is most of the game
place should be played on vanilla
because that's yeah that's the general
experience the intended experience I
know I don't want to step on ants for 10
hours what dynasty Warriors dynasty
Warriors you don't want to step on ants
for 10 hours right but what if you got
to step on different ants in different
locations and what if you got to do
really sick moves while you're stepping
on hands it'd be cool you feel good when
you do sick moves what you're stepping
on answer yeah but you saying that
people like the dynasty Warriors makes
them stupid no but they're enjoying a
very stupid thing that's fine I'll agree
with that but it doesn't mean that they
are stupid as someone who enjoys dynasty
Warriors I'll agree with them nothing
wrong with liking weed liking something
has a little dumb fun I don't give a
shit absolutely absolutely but rich
isn't necessarily into that yeah and
chat that is okay it's okay everything's
gonna be all right
there was a ps2 dinosaurs that was my
first that's actually um I was I was
living that was very early on like I had
just very recently moved in with Lisa
around that era and I was you know
obviously young couple just moved in
together didn't have a lot didn't have a
lot of money and I was trying to
convince her that we should buy a
Playstation 2 yeah and back in the day a
PlayStation 2 was also a big deal
because it was a DVD player and not
everyone had a DVD player at that time
so I was like oh it's it's not only
games it's a DVD player like
it'll be good for the house trying to
convince her that we should you know
spend our our now dual money on a
Playstation 2 and we went over to my
brother's house and played the Dynasty
Warriors that was on the ps2 yeah and
she loved it so much that she agreed
that we can buy ps2 and we spent many
many a long hour playing split-screen
dynasty warriors and it was fucking
beautiful fucking beautiful just you
know we would we would like draw out our
battle plans because some maps had very
specific missions and if you did one
very specific thing at a very specific
time then you could get like the good
weapon of that level cuz every what
every level has so you can kill more in
yes so you can kill more ants faster
with fire doing more sick moves right it
was great and so then we would like
strategize that ok you need to go this
way I'm gonna go this way we'll take out
these guys as soon as we hear this run
to this location so we could do it
glorious times glorious glorious times
back before full adulthood and you know
responsibilities took over Jack the ant
bully yes yes all right let's see here
Alex says finally beat slay the spire as
all characters I feel like a weight has
been lifted my god
great game thanks for introducing me to
such a wonderful experience you know
what that is that's punking I'm still
waiting for that third character to get
out of beta I don't know if it has yet
slay the spiral yeah yeah nigga wait oh
yeah like I just wait for the full game
release at this point because you know I
got I got a good hours into it the
Midwood promising Dead Souls I'm looking
forward to that bang done
they they did announce that it's it's a
they are making it they're releasing it
for the switch as well like not just PC
it's gonna have a console release as
well so I assume that they're working
hard on it
is that a forced tile yeah cuz it says
forest
I get a little bit of cover in the
forest just a little bit just a little
bit but it's something yeah it's
something that's true I played the third
character once here on stream I haven't
had a chance to dive deep into it
because I'm just I'm just waiting for
you know when I played it there was
still the mspaint art assets on the
third character so we're uh I'm just
gonna wait a little bit for more work to
be done on that third character yeah
dead cells I'm looking forward to that
too I stopped playing that pretty early
because I knew I really wanted to play
dead cells don't say that's a great game
just a little I played of it yeah
chance chats give me shit for dying on
the tutorial I mean I'm not I'm not
gonna blame him for that that might not
be nice but I'm not complaining that's
fine it's fine
I also have it it's okay because I was
mean to dynasty warriors I mean I mean I
didn't say that that's something you
said but I didn't say that whether I
agree with it is completely irrelevant
I'm also not gonna talk too much shit
cuz I actually haven't made it all the
way through this part yet and so it's
very possible that I will die so I'm not
gonna talk too much shit yet we got a
valiant blood shot here who says Mass
Effect's had the same problem with its
ending as Battlestar Galactica a deus ex
machina and ding unresolved character
arcs and a retroactive downbeat ending
that ruins the first two games
I can never play them against a valley
employed shot as agreeing with you on
your mass effect they are ruin I I don't
know if if we can compare that to the
Battlestar Galactica ending Battlestar
Gallactica kind of just ended in a
fizzle and stay like it didn't retro
actively ruin the entire series it was
just kind of a it was just it ended in a
whimper not in a bang you know like man
all right it's done but it didn't retro
actively ruin the rest of the series
like which says Mass Effect
did what
Sartre
oh yeah this bar attention citizens of
Karuma dr6 this do you think we will
ever play Friday the 13th again oh
please think about you it's true the the
mood might strike us recently you know I
really never thought I'd replay a breath
of the wild again I gotten all my hours
in felt really happy about it and then
all of a sudden there it is couple you
know hundred into so extra hours
same with blood-borne you pick up what
you feel like something that has that's
something that I've definitely been
neglecting lately is overwatch and I
think I'm to a point where I'm not sure
if I if I'm gonna jump back on anytime
soon I think I've gotten all the hours
into overwatch I can do it oh yeah you
know I know it's just I don't care if I
if I want to go play like a multiplayer
game I've been going back to rocket
League it's like yeah I could get in a
couple of quick rocket League sections I
don't have I don't have over watching me
at the moment
es yoke says is it weird that I'm like
20-something hours into breath of the
wild and still feel like I'm totally at
the beginning yeah that seems right yeah
yeah you're just getting to some of the
good stuff now it's a long game but it's
it's a long good game gods ooh Titan I
don't know how to pronounce that
properly gone through tonight's doesn't
it-- gesundheit
you said gone I thought you're just
gonna say gonorrhea that's what was
coming out of my mouth gesundheit I'll
get it soon tight excuse me a third time
I'm not saying it anymore I just wanna
let you know that my sneeze is usually
coming through yeah I'm gonna happen I
just don't want people to think I'm
being rude like I said it twice a third
time is just obnoxious oh you know
that's someone who sneezes three times
I know broth 44 says is breath of the
wild worth buying an entire Nintendo
switchover you'd also get a Wii Wii U
yes right through the wild is also on
the Wii U so if you have a Wii U you
don't have to worry about that if you
don't have either it's a really amazing
game and the switch has a lot of games
to it now so yeah I think I think it's
it's worth it breath of the wild is an
amazing game switch seller if you don't
have a Wii U if you have away you just
play it on that
say something jack-high something jack
sister Jack hmm it's a spoon song you
ever listen to a spoon I didn't know
spoon was a bad spoons a band I had a
great album a few years ago called gimme
fiction really like like like chill
southern rock and roll out of Austin
okay really nice stuff thinking about
them for no particular reason no
particular reason just really dig spoon
how listener give me fiction a whole lot
so that was it
yeah fine yeah
and any thoughts on valve pulling visual
novels with some underwear shots being
pornographic but leaving The Witcher 3
alone considering that has full-on sex
scenes I I don't have many thoughts
about it I didn't hear about it it's
interesting should disgusting anime be
yanked from steam because it's
disgusting anime I mean I'm not gonna
complain but button you know it is a
double standard if they're leaving The
Witcher 3 alone isn't it I suppose
context is what matters here right and
so it's like what is it about these
games that make the eye I know nothing
about this situation I assume you know
nothing about this doll right what did
you said just interesting that's an
interesting thing why is it okay here or
not there I don't like double standards
uh-oh and I agree most people like
double standard nobody nobody likes
double standards and so that's why I
would be very curious as to what
criteria led them to pull those over
something like Witcher 3 just label it
but sure and let it be right of course
boom done
no that's that's where I stand on that
not knowing literally knowing nothing
else about it yeah yeah no and you know
like valve valve is try valve is going
through a period now where they are
really trying to take on more of a
curator role in their storefront fright
trying huh trying those last time they
made a game no not just being a
storefront being a curator in their
stores Oh like like caring what what
actually goes on there caring what goes
on there and more importantly caring
what games they show you because so many
people are dealing with the game clots
that valve wants to you know and really
focus in your storefront experience and
so maybe this is part of that there's a
lot of things that I don't know about
the situation yeah but double standards
are a bad thing it's a boom
boom I agree and while then pulling
visual novels doesn't affect me in any
way you know if that's your thing and
you're upset about it I hear you and I
support your right to be upset
oh how did we become such prunes
what do you mean as a nation Jack how
did we become such proves Puritans Total
Recall
when when two breasts weren't enough
just paper mache yeah why not man what
happened I think it's still out there
right r-rated movies were the norm now
the oh my god dimples are random is
making money what what happened I think
there's still weird shit out there don't
you think don't you think there's a
there's there's still weird gross shit
out there and like a mainstream
Hollywood movie I mean last year's Oscar
winner was literally about a lady who
wanted to fuck a fish monster the entire
movie was about a lady fucking of fish
monks and it won Best Picture at the
Oscars was it a sexy movie though what
do you mean was there nudity and fish
monster movie butts maybe some boobs I
forget but man all right you know they
were butts might have been a boob Tojo
and she's already had a move that's why
I'm having issues I'll shoot at someone
then or don't keen maybe clearly see
that thing that's right in front of you
at a range
all right I guess it's at a range uh so
yeah no I still think weird shits out
there I'm not I'm not worried I'm not
worried about lack of weird shit she
gets naked and masturbates in the
opening scene oh no I meant in when she
was fucking the fish not just her own
nudity
I thought rich was wondering if she gets
nude while fucking the fish because the
movie that won an Oscar for Best Picture
is about a lady who fucks a fish and
rich is worried about us not being weird
enough you know sometimes it is
sometimes it's just nice
yeah so in any case I'm trying to think
of it like we're well and now we have
the here the the other thing with with
the 80s bridge is we didn't have the
internet and so and so like I I think
there were there were some I think stuff
like Total Recall and Robocop were more
part of a bubble up of repression
because we we didn't have access to all
of the strange shit in the world but
nowadays you want to see some weird shit
you go to Google man you google some
weird ass shit and so we no longer have
that need four four four little bubbles
of repression popping up and giving us
the weird shit
you said tits and ass in PG movies well
that well that was was that pre pg-13
because there was a time when pg-13
wasn't a thing
ah firm ative affirmative for my damn
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo all right where we
go we got Valley blood shot again who
says you guys interested in the next
from software game
it's rumored to be the next installment
of tension the tension ninja series it's
been years since the last 10 shoe game
I'm interested to see what they do with
the series what the remind me what the
tension engine series it was filthy
ninja game okay I never really played
any of them so sorry
oh sure probably great I mean it's from
software yeah they kind of know they
have a good reputation yeah yeah they
got they got a lot of points to burn
they get they got a lot of good Klout
the old from software no-one says I was
wondering I was watching some vids on
casting the new MCU x-men and a funny
idea crossed my mind
comic Wolverine is short like five three
so for a Anti Jackman I thought peter
dinklage peter dinklage is a dwarf man
that's like that's that's way shorter
than five three so I don't think that
would work and Peter Dinklage is already
in the x-men universe he was in x-men
days of the Future past as
the inventor of the Sentinels what was
his name
senator or something he was he was
already in the x-men universe he's good
senator a guy guy Lee yeah that's
exactly who he was
Alexander guy guy Lee I think and to be
precise bolivar trask
is what they're saying Tom Cruise would
be an interesting choice as Wolverine
for his height but he would never he
would never allow himself to be a
terrible Wolverine oh he would be a
terrible Wolverine he also would never
allow himself to appear short on camera
oh I'm sure that's a contract
stipulation he is a very short man but
he always needs to have like platform
shoes on or be put on an Apple box
because he can never seem short
Scientology won't allow it
yes his ego won't allow it now they'll
they'll find someone fun they'll find a
couple more unknowns and it'll be great
a couple hungry young actors who want to
be part of a franchise who will give it
110 percent at least for the first
couple movies
Roger that
Roger that
it'll be fine it'll all be fine if
they're even working on an x-men movie
apparently one of the movies they are in
pre-production for right now is an
Inhumans movie yeah
which I've seen at least someone online
have an interesting speculation on
obviously this is pure speculation no
confirmation but what if Inhumans movie
yeah this is completely going to ignore
the the film TV show then oh god yeah oh
yeah
totally failed which totally took place
in the Marvel Universe it totally took
place in the Marvel Universe and tanked
so spectacularly everyone in the Marvel
Universe forgot about it everyone in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe just forgot it
happened everyone
Thanos wiped it out even agents of
shield forgot about it and people have
forgot about them years ago but one of
the one of the special thing agents of
shield just got renewed for a renewed
yes for another season I'm sure you're
telling me it got renewed no Eternals
thank you rich in anti-oxidants they're
working on an eternal move even though
the fuck they are the Eternals yeah not
many people do so here's the theory so
not Inhumans movies they are in
pre-production of an internals movie and
what if that is code for the x-men movie
they're actually working on while they
figure out the right Marvel working on
this yeah probably that would be the
most shocking thing in the world
Eternals is a code for x-men not
Inhumans sorry for confusing the to
which I thought that was an interesting
theory
speculation pure speculation but I could
see that them just like okay let's get
an x-men movie ready to go so as soon as
this merger goes through we're out the
gate with something it doesn't shut down
right
someone's just gonna say you've got too
much shit doesn't need a Venice someone
has to say it eventually right monopoly
laws have many anything in this country
for a while I know Reagan's thought of
that right and now someone's someone's
gonna well actually you by the way rich
you just made a joke and someone's gonna
well actually it was actually Jimmy
Carter rich to break up to break up
small peanut farmers because his brother
was the peanut farmer you see and and
it's all deep state stuff it's all deep
states deep state peanut farming stuff
man
Galactus is not quite an eternal that's
how powerful they are you thinking of
the Centennial's are they the same thing
the Eternals and the Centennial's I have
no idea look you know me I kind of check
out with the space god stuff that the
sentinels the x-men robots those I know
Centennial's the big giant cosmic guys
okay Celestials that's it soaring with
Celestials are they V Eternals I'm not
I'm not sure what our eternal is I don't
know either
I'm sure it's a thing in the comics
Mika's went on but oh sorry I gotta get
her to the mission zones
oh yeah could you do that could you get
her to the missions over
acknowledged
all right we got an immaculate exception
who says an online community of film
restorers has released a 4k scan of the
original Technicolor prints of Star Wars
oh you got really excited until you
heard that yeah
Disney is fully aware of this community
and has said it will never release the
original Phil the originals thoughts on
this and would you want it can send to
you I don't know I don't know at this
point maybe I am so sick of Star Wars
right I don't know when I would ever
plan on watching Star Wars again like
I'm trying to think of like maybe the
next time I feel like sitting down to
watch a new hope like oh yeah I would
want like the despecialized version or
whatever but there are already like 18
different D specialized cuts that you
can find in different download sites
yeah
maybe a 4k restoration of an original
technical it might be neat but I don't
know man
and I was gonna shoot it gonna rip oh
yeah y'all see this is America do you
see that you don't care about it I've
seen it it's neat huh videos in a video
yeah yeah it's cool it's cool video
ma'am
I'm surprised you saw not not being a
fan of the hip somebody asked me to
watch it oh yeah I don't get it but it
was neat well it's pretty pretty
self-evident but that's fine that's fine
we don't need to get to divas I just
thought it was neat I thought it was
neat and I think as a rapper childish
gambino this won't mean anything to you
know as a rapper I've never kind of been
into childish gambino I think he's had a
long way to go and this is the first
song even outside of the video where I
think he's actually grown
as a musician where I was like oh yeah
this is an interesting style some some
cool rhymes he's trying to you know a
little message behind it so I think he's
growing as a musician which is very nice
yeah the message of the video is not
really subtle as you know he dances and
distracts you from the horrible things
happening in the background which is
good it's great it's great video Oh was
that your pod oh you eject him from the
robot but the princess didn't as far as
we know no no no considering we saw her
at the beginning of the game talking
about things that happened which is this
she's almost certainly dead oh is that
true yeah she's in the beginning this is
a flashback oh is it
yeah all right and pick up on that you
talked about how you helped her get a
throne back
oh really yeah oh sure in the intro I
watched it I definitely watched it but I
did not pay attention to that and I'm
very sorry dialogue quickly him but call
me maybe sinks it okay by the way I am
I'm a fish I've been sick of this since
they started sinking call me maybe with
every song have you ever seen those
where they do mashups with carly Rae
Jepsen's call me maybe with like every
other song oh or it's like Smash Mouth
all-star but instead of the lyrics it's
call me maybe
right okay it like this has been a thing
everyone does it and everyone thinks
it's hilarious yes and most recently
with this is America they put they just
took out all the music and had the video
play along with call me maybe and it
syncs up pretty well I think I saw a
little of that like eerily well you go
that's cute but I've always been sick of
this particular meme or joke because the
reason that call me maybe
be mixed with everything is because it's
such a nothing song it's such a simple
song it's its water water hey you are
you calling this very important song
about the black experience in America
I'm noting song Jack no I'm calling call
me maybe in nothing so I'll call me
maybe
good I don't know the names of these
things but I haven't I have been really
I've been going through the video a
little bit to try to figure out just
just for my own purposes how for anyone
who's seen the this is America video you
know it starts with with with Childish
Gambino's back facing the camera and
then he turns around and he pulls a gun
out from behind his back and so i've
been trying to figure out how they did
that shot in post did they cover up the
gun did they somehow sneak in the gun
while he was dancing to the first shot
like I want to fit I want to
reverse-engineer how they did that bad
camera trick I don't remember the
specifics in the video so you know the
video starts with a guy playing the
guitar then the can't the camera pulls
in pushes in the camera pushes in on
childish gambino
and we see his back and he's not wearing
a shirt right then he then turns around
goes to the guy with the guitar reaches
behind him and pulls a gun okay out of
his back that wasn't there yeah but he
was turn around and we saw there wasn't
a gun and we saw there wasn't a gun and
it's one shot there's no edit and so
either they digitally covered up the gun
and then he turned or someone somehow
snuck the gun in there computers have
ruined filmmaking because these things
aren't funny how did they do that on a
computer did it it could it could be the
computer did it it might be but here's
the thing rich as someone who does
motion tracking and that kind of stuff I
want to know how the computer did it
like oh like you know did they get a
clean plate of his shirtless back and
put that in like yeah it's neat you know
the whole thing wasn't one big long tank
I thought it was gonna be it had a few
long tapes but I've been waiting for it
to be one unbroken and then I was gonna
be super-impressed
yeah that would have been very
impressive there were a few very long
takes which were nice but he did how did
he dance like that without wearing a
belt that's that's just pure talent
that's just Talent or the gun was
digitally and say another possibilities
the gun was digitally inserted but it
seemed to have weight to it because he
then handed the gun off generally
speaking the rule of thumb is it's
easier to erase something in a frame
than it is to put it in you know if you
erase the gun for just a little bit then
he has a real prop he can interact with
but if it's a fake if it's a digital
prop then how do you make sure the
movements are right in any case eat
stuff fucking hate the long take it's a
dick measuring contest that can make
your movie worse I don't know that I
agree with that
it could certainly make a music video
epic ascension millennium was that it
ascension millennium I'm over the okay
go on the Rube Goldberg that is that has
an edit in it though doesn't it has like
to edit oh yeah oh yeah but even even
their first their treadmill one is one
that was the first big one right but I
guess it's a it's less of a dick
measuring competition than it is look at
the neat thing I made it's more of a
dick building company
what if you build a big dick it's okay
to show it off my metaphor works rich
I'm not I'm not touching that one my
metaphor works with any pole even a pole
you build yeah even a big exacto my
metaphor totally works zero amount of
poles
you support my metaphor thank you I
appreciate that and Van Doug no its foot
like it's fun that's the crappy fucking
building oh stop a bitch
you can't shoot the building I'm not
afraid oh okay what happened to shoot
the building it knocks all the turrets
oh okay
son of a bitch sumbitch and you know you
think about it you think about movies
like um do you ever see children of men
I haven't seen it I know about it
fantastic movie that is filled with
these incredibly long one-shot takes
really in your hands one shot takes a
you know and and they're you know they
kind of use the one shot to help build
the tension of the scene just like the
unbroken driving tension of each scene
and and it adds to the movie and so I
don't I wouldn't consider that a
dick-measuring competition I'd consider
that adding to the movie beautiful a
beautiful beautiful movie
so so you know it's it's it's a thing if
if it doesn't add to the scene and if
it's showing off while they're supposed
to be giving a narrative sorry Mike
McCord keeps unplugging then sure are
you feeling feeling okay
I would have liked to have destroyed
that building clearing yeah yeah Sarah
if you consider that failing I do you
failed
you're a dick yeah sometimes I'm okay
with that yeah I can't complain I
learned it from you and you know do be
sandwich has an interesting point as far
as the long take is concerned yeah where
it is in general long takes are an
easier feat nowadays oh yeah this is
digital listen anything yeah I get it
well you know cameras are lighter you're
not worrying about wasting film stock
because you know just it's just memory
card space yeah I don't do it and you
can watch it right away to see if you
did it right you know there was no
playback on film on film cameras there
was no digital stabilization
lame-ass oh my god now he's got that
kids get high evasion so I'm not shocked
but sure which movie we were talking
about children of men and the long takes
in that it's it's not a movie full it's
not a movie that is one shot it's just a
movie that has certain scenes in which
are incredibly long one shot takes like
the Birdman faked but yeah yeah like the
Birdman except for things actually
happen in children of men Birdman is an
interesting movie but you know it's just
it's a lot of just people talking and
walking down hallways there's there's
actual you know blocking choreography
and not choreography they sent some
distaste for Birdman it was interesting
I liked a lot of it and didn't like some
of it even hey where the fuck you want
oh shit it's it's like it was fine it
was intra and interesting I thought a
lot of it was a little pretentious
though though I did love the score the
drum only score of Birdman woo fuck did
you just punch him to death
headshot lethal damage yes nice nice job
let me know I don't think it'll let me
salvage her shit name doesn't really
start until after this mission Jack okay
that's good to know that's good to know
speaking of Birdman did you see that
Harvey Birdman attorney at law is
getting a reboot or a sequel or a
continuation wasn't Colbert or one of
the major voices on there yes
is he doing it or Colbert's coming back
as that character who is now president
yep
and it's gonna be great Harvey Birdman
attorney at law was a great show a great
show you think it's only one episode no
I want it to be back forever
or maybe just Colbert oh just back for
one episode
oh sure maybe maybe I don't see how we
could possibly have time for that I know
he's a busy man but man I loved me some
Harvey Birdman habeas corpus ha Birdman
great stuff great stuff no it's just a
special oh I'll take it I'll take it
I'll take any Harvey Birdman I can get
that's fine Bing bring back
BRAC yes yes I just dumped later dumped
yeah don't died don't do died Godslayer
miss cute yes did I did we get that
thing there's a lot of boxes next to me
I don't know if we got the specific
thing you sent whatever thing you sent
but oh yeah I haven't I've been busy
with something else behind the scenes
right and I haven't really I picked up
the mail but I haven't gotten around to
going through it yet they're directly
next to me are several very large boxes
as compared to VHS tapes they're larger
they're considerably larger than via set
VHS tape size mm-hmm
not a new gimmick something you'll never
notice the audience it's something a few
of you will notice because I've read the
YouTube comments but ya know nothing
nothing big nothing big it's not like a
wheel device or anything it's just that
you know something practical yeah
rich is finally after years removing
that a hornet's nest by the way it's
been bothering us for a long time and
finally just some why don't you get rid
of it but we're all afraid of the
Hornets and so rich has a plan to starve
them out it's very complicated it
involves lacing food with high fiber
content hoping that the bees Jackie baby
I heard just riffing man just doing the
doing the old riff doing the old riff I
heard about the toys-r-us auctioning off
their web domains okay apparently
toys-r-us yeah
they got ahead of the curve and they
just took out a whole bunch of domain
names something R Us oh okay like sex
toys r us adult toys are all these
different are us sure now they're going
out of business things are all being
auctioned off now and there's like
there's like one sex shop in particular
that has been waiting one years yeah I
am ready it's finally time for dildos
are us to reach the top of our game we
just we just needed this domain I
thought that was music I heard that is
the other day that is amusing
I've reached a point where we're like I
realized how much I'm going to miss Toys
R Us as we had a birthday party to go to
over the weekend and and we needed to
you know yeah you got to buy a toy for a
birthday party so you know like kind of
we always do we go to the local you know
Target and look for toys there but you
know targets not necessarily a toy store
so they don't have a large selection and
we didn't really find a thing that we
were interested in something that we
were looking for and so then I went and
it was too late for like an Amazon
shipment because like the party was
coming up if I would have thought ahead
of time you know but it hit that point
where is like oh my god I could really
use just a standalone toy store right
now to look for one specific thing oh
shit
and so we kind of ended up you know we
found something good but not exactly
what we were looking for our IP Toys R
Us we were toys dot-com and the cat's in
the cradle and the silver spoon
had my has my opinion on infinity war
changed on my second watch that's it's
maybe even doubt a little bit I still
think it's overall a very cute movie and
it's a lot of it's it is a lot of fun I
continue to think that there are certain
sequences that were payoffs lacking an
appropriate amount of setup and I would
have I still think it's a very
fast-moving movie these aren't the worst
complaints in the world that doesn't
make it a terrible movie it's a lot of
fun there's some really fun moments in
it but yeah you know it's not it's not
perfect I stick with my a it ain't
perfect
what is Jack Iron Man 3 you know what I
do think that's cute I it's comic books
it's it that doesn't faze me I know it's
not gonna last I knew it wasn't gonna
last so it doesn't nothing faze me it's
good feels good it's cute
nope what I can't try get a line of
sight from behind on this guy no can I
get a website from here can you turn
enough yeah the red lines on them okay
was kind of disguised and all the the
orange colors everywhere there's the
screen there's some visual clutter if
you will
yeah yeah yeah yeah Jack is so looking
forward to the predator I'd like shame
black that he makes good movies no I'm
gonna be out was that a sprint no rotate
your camera around so he's in front of
you
do you not oh so much should that red
line huh do you see that rich that was
the red line for his Jarrod yeah well
fuck me not the red line for your so my
god that sucks
I'm so sorry rich I I confirmed that
that was partly my fault and I'm very
sorry that's all right
oh no that I mean yeah that was that was
just some visual clutter there mmm yes
the red line was his label if you if you
so if you see here frame is if you could
zoom in for a second rich and just show
people who might not be aware the red
line shows that you're you have a line
of sight to the enemy but that slightly
thinner red line over his health bar
over his health bar is just his
character is something pointing to his
character and we confuse the two that's
a little clutter 'full but you know
whoopsy dupes
whoopsy dupes it's all it's all fine
yeah it'll be fine yeah it'll be fine
would you guys eat a bloomin onion if it
was in front of you right now what the
fuck's a bloomin onion it's a whole
onion that they put like a little
shredder on to make it look like this
and then they deep-fry the whole thing
that sounds like a bit much I I don't
much care for onion rings I don't much
care opinion rings but a whole onion
fried seems like a bit much well it's a
it's a party platter it's like to share
with the whole table right right so I'm
not a big fan why no no
it's a huge fry done yes it's it's it's
just a job it's a whole onion kind of
sliced on it's on it's on its butt and
deep fried
and it comes with a sauce I never
understood I never understood onion
rings deep fried onions it's just - it's
just you know just an onion with with
bread on it man I never I never got that
I was never into them
well why not have a french fry I don't
know why not have a potato in this
situation onion makes no sense
all right makes sense if you go to like
five guys because the fries are awful
but they don't have onion rings oh wait
you have to get their shitty fries but
it make sense of like oh the fries are
bad you get the onion rings how's it
burg ER King you get the onion rings oh
I like Burger King fries yeah I'm down
with them I'm down with them don't
forget to buy you I do need some eggs
thank you yes I'm back on the diet you
know for like a third time but I have a
goal this time I have a family wedding
at the end of at the end of the summer
and I only have one nice suit and I need
to fit into my nice suit that's my
that's so I actually need to lose weight
or spend money on a new suit and I don't
like to spend money so I'm back on diet
full bore and so far so good
down down a few pounds already which is
nice eggs yes many eggs
I just yeah like onion rings it just
sounds just just big onion with bread
over and I don't get it I like cooking
with onions like potatoes french fries
just potatoes that have it fried yeah
but I got it a potatoes delicious onion
rings you're good man that's just Tommy
that's just that's just a me that's fine
okay great
Jack can you make a public service
announcement about not working for free
when making consumable media the
director of Deadpool one worked for
cheap to get the movie made then they
fired him because he asked for more
money on to I can make a public service
announcement but then you might get
fired and then you'll get no money I
mean there there's some shitty things
that happens to get our movies made
sometimes I know they're there every
once in a while there is a big vocal
uproar in the in the cg community
because you know that like 300 people
that made your big blockbuster movie
have all that amazing amazing effects
got paid
you know pennies on the dollar right and
sometimes you know we're really shitty
to the people that help make our movies
and that's why organized labor and unit
unionization in the arts is really
important should watch me eat better I'm
not paying enough attention yeah it's
all you know what it's all fine it is
you're doing it you're still doing it
why does nothing have line of sight on
the building Oh sprint a hospital more
like three you're right more like 3000
you're absolutely right there are 3,000
people that do all the CG work in movies
now it's just 300 that do the roto work
for the post stereoscopic stereoscopic
3d button but you know I don't know
nothing about this Deadpool thing so I
can't speak to it first Deadpool is
alright and haven't seen a second one
it's probably all right to all kinds of
all kinds of dumb Jack I'm not watching
my heat at all and it should should you
should watch her heat yeah watch it
Hollywood is about to send a thug to
teach Jack a lesson if he keeps talking
about unions oh I knows that they won't
send anyone to Milwaukee come on they
already Union oh it's already oh and I'm
that not post yeah nevermind that's
weird isn't it it is it is weird it's
because there it's and you know like
part of it is the post houses fault too
because there's a thousand different
tiny post house post houses that are all
you know chomping at the bit to get a
little bit more work and so you you
don't want to be the people that start
throwing down the hammer knowing that
there's 80 million other post houses
willing to take up that work right
like in the very depressing if we've
talked about Lindsay Alice's videos here
before she she does a really good series
on The Hobbit movies and apparently The
Hobbit movies were devastating to local
New Zealand unions they actually rewrote
laws in New Zealand to bust up the
unions so that big movies could film
there without worrying about paying
their actors too much money Wow yes it
was like a huge deal that that was
devastating to to local actors and so
even though huge blockbuster movies are
filmed in New Zealand all the time the
local acting community sees very little
benefit from it because of laws that
were made there that was that was her
third video in a two-part series about
The Hobbit which is great and greatly
clever but but then you know that's
that's the problem is it's the same with
post workers except for you know post
workers are also like under an
incredible amount of strain they're
doing a ton of work working overtime
overextending themselves and not getting
paid very much to do it I also happen to
know many people who work in post and so
I'm a little more sensitive to that or
it's just like ah these people these
people are working
it's a lot more awkward to control the
camera with your mouse than it is an X
come I agree I find I agree I I do let
you know WASD are that are the the arrow
keys to actually move your camera
rotating your camera is very difficult
and I was generally surprised there was
no controller option for as simple of
controls is there I don't I don't think
there's a console release of this I
could be wrong okay
I don't know oh no I've never seen The
Hobbit films I just watched her videos
on them because I mean I knew I was
never gonna watch him she made some she
made some very valid
she helped reinforce some of my ideas of
why I didn't want to watch them in the
first place and I was just glad to watch
her videos on because they were very
insightful but no I've never seen The
Hobbit movies I don't care to watch The
Hobbit movies even though I'm a huge
Lord of the Rings movies fan to be fair
to this game chat I haven't even gotten
to the good part of the damn game yet
you haven't gotten to the game game yet
I haven't gotten to them run your
mercenary business part of the game yet
they're saying they are not going to
port two consoles okay
well that's fair I'd still like a
controller option like for just for
camera movement just to have a joystick
to move that camera around would be nice
I could see where it'd be different
enough where it'd be a lot more work for
them oh sure
no it's not it's by the way it's not a
deal-breaker for me having to use you
know you use so little keys it's not a
problem for me
I've kaleidoscopic wants to know if if
I'd be interested in seeing the one of
the Hobbit movie edits where fans have
taken all three Hobbit movies and hacked
them down into one kind of cohesive
Hobbit and still I don't think I'd be
interested I just I just don't care that
much it's a short book too wasn't it
yeah and it's like it was a more kid
oriented book and you know light lighter
hearted and completely different
apparently and you know this is me only
going off of Lindsay's videos but
apparently the the original tone of the
of The Hobbit movie was supposed to be
lighter hearted and and instead of Peter
Jackson it was Guillermo del Toro that
was going to run them yeah and you know
he had this whole like light-hearted out
you know it's just a kid's adventure
with dragons and orcs ha ha
perfect perfect Guillermo del Toro fun
and and then you know Studios started
poking their nose and it said man it'd
be great if it looked like Lord of the
Rings be great if it had that tone huh
but if it was another trilogy you think
we could do that you're gonna do to me
book was great I don't know how they
fucked it up because because people who
shouldn't have been making the decisions
were making the decisions what if I
don't know what if some people from Lord
of the Rings showed up to say hi people
sure love Legolas what if he's in there
I don't know he falls in love with an
elf or something it'd be great don't you
think that'd be cool don't you think
that because I'm sorry jack there's
nothing I can do no to make the hobbits
better nothing I can do
why not rich because movies why can't
you use your massive sway in a Hollywood
and to go back in time and make a better
Hobbit movie it's a this is all very
fresh to me because I've been rewatching
the Lord of the Rings with my kids the
extended editions and absolutely falling
in love with them again
I really love the Lord of the Rings
movies the brilliant this is the first
technically our first mercenary mission
but we didn't get paid because we got
double-crossed and then the game then
the game starts it's been three years
since the the tutorial oh and that's
what they call it the Battle of to tour
battle of to tour yeah and the e rail
system yeah we know are in charge of
this little mercenary business okay
there's some reason the mercenaries that
saved us made us their captain in three
years I guess we're really really
impressive to them great yeah yeah you
handle it great you handle it great
Jack trigger joys yes I have all three
extended versions of Lord of the Rings
in fact I don't have the theatrical
versions I only have the extended
versions and those are the versions i
rewatch and those are the versions we
are currently watching with our kids who
are loving them we're about to get or
buy and and we're just about to get into
Return of the King and if you remember
well you haven't seen the extent
editions and I don't know if this was in
the theatrical editions but there's a
point Return of the King where they
literally fall down a mountain of skulls
and it's awesome they're they're like
Boo Berry slippin and Pratt falling down
a mountain of skulls when did that come
up Return of the King well I guess that
would've been in the book the mountain
of skulls probably okay probably that
it's been ages since I've read the books
I don't remember what was all in the
book I was a web comic ace to read
that's lucky freelance there was a story
art that had a mountain of skulls Wow oh
sure but not not before the book knows
rich hasn't technically been playing the
tutorial for the past three hours rich
has been dealing with a game that's been
crashing for the past all right we have
one eyelid generally fucked up and I
failed the tutorial like a moron yeah
and then two other times we crashed and
the game wasn't letting me save during
the tutorial so I had to do the whole
tutorial over again yeah until it would
crash well they go now what's the
tutorial at home no crashes right
whatsoever so it could be an issue where
it just doesn't like the fact that we're
streaming it doesn't like sharing the
processor yes that could be a thing we
did no no we lowered the graphics
setting and so far knock on cardboard we
have not had any problem yeah
for those joining us late I went into it
a little bit earlier my D&D; night we had
our D&D; night actually barreled into a
D&D; morning because we couldn't finish
the campaign in one night it was a total
about five hours the kids are in love
with Dungeons and Dragons
I am super in love with Dungeons and
Dragons we all had a great time many
laughs were had many ridiculous moments
you know it's it's I'm sure anyone who's
ever played D&D; as a dungeon master
knows like there were so many little
things that I had set up that were then
completely ignored which was very
annoying to me like I had these all
these else I own it if they go here and
do this thing oh we gotta lead him into
here and do this thing and it just
barreled a completely different
direction
comparing a ton of work that I did but
overall I had a great time I actually I
would really love now to be just a
player yeah and see how that goes but
DMing was really great and we have a few
friends who are kind of into the idea
and and so I'm gonna write up another
short campaign as an introduction to
some friends who also have kids and you
know do like maybe like a family D&D;
nyla come we'll play some D and D and if
21:21 thousand Siebels to repair that
one back what's the damage here twenty
one thousand re that's that's kind of
just the going rate for repair of 1500
that's not bad I could deal with that
yeah yeah I don't get D&D; and tabletop
games what how long we out of
Commissioner 18 16 days yeah yeah I see
what you're saying now you're said like
it's weeks in between time man yeah yeah
yeah oh my take see here's the thing
like if I travel to another system your
prayers might be done before I get there
and that's that's nice okay they not
lose then you're not really losing any
time you're not twiddling your thumbs
twiddling my thumbs burning money yeah
my crew wants to get paid jack mm-hmm
need money to run the ship and the bank
the bank's want their loans yeah yeah
yeah all right my command center that's
uh it's only one available right now but
here's a contract I can take okay and
you got to negotiate it's like you know
payment if you want more payment they're
not gonna give you as much Salvage okay
but if I bring both these down my
reputation with these people that just
goes up sure I see what you're saying
yeah you need a little Salvage I shall
they did this in the original
MechWarrior when you did contracts there
you actually got the type in your own
number read and then they they you try
to get you to meet in the middle
say no that's outlandish then you get
their offer well then I'd put it less
money but I want that well the more
scrap yeah it felt more like a
negotiation than a slider bar like more
tech time yeah yeah yeah more
involvement sure sure I'm with you but
it's the same basic thing yeah yeah just
streamlined in the organization yeah
what is the one out of six means oh oh
uh priority scrap versus just randomized
scrap okay that smaller number those are
the bits after the battle I get to
choose two of whatever the fuck I
oh okay okay and you know like a mech I
blew up yeah I guess it's like the torso
that's sitting there
I left a torso all right I like it and
then the ten is ten random and then yeah
then the the other people I'm working
with they take whatever they want they
give me you know eight other things
right here's what we're willing to give
you okay - you get to pick so you get a
total of ten you get a total of ten
scraps got you but two of them you get
to pick and then the rest of whatever
they whatever they want to give you the
leftovers leftovers the scrap scrap yeah
okay cool that's good to know Salvage is
good but I don't know that I'm gonna be
getting good scrap in these early
missions anyway so I'm willing to I'm
willing to kick it down sure for money
no bonus rep but decent money I'm with
you
I am with you so for the person who's
saying like you don't understand D&D; in
tabletop games what what I'll say is you
know if you remember our playthroughs of
of any text adventure games rich this is
something you were talking about with
like typing in what you wanted is is
almost there was a world of possibility
yes like I can type in anything yeah it
might not do anything but what if it
does right I was always fascinated by
those games because you could try to do
anything exactly and and you know the
other part of our playthroughs of those
games was how we would just decide like
oh these two characters are this and
we're just gonna go off on a little
tangent a little funny tangent and have
a good time while the game pauses for a
second and to me those were the best
parts of my D&D; night we're like you
know Lisa would say wait can I do this
let's find out and you know it was just
like the whir of the entire world yeah
yeah and so and you have like the game
dev right in front of you who can just
start making notes and say yeah yeah oh
yeah you can do that of course cuz it's
all imagination you know there's no code
to write it's just me having to figure
out what number represents one and so
like the world is your oyster and you
get those comedy bits that keep popping
up throughout the night because you made
a dumb mistake and you get incredibly
tense moments like there was there's
this one part of my dungeon where I had
a bridge out and I've made sure like to
give them some rope and and they had a
simple moves and arrows with it yeah and
you know I said I said oh you know
there's a wooden beam above you and
there's this bridge that's too large to
jump and blah blah you know kind of
hoping that they would shoot the rope at
the beam and maybe swing across I am and
they go well what's what's the the other
side made of and I said well it's is
part of a broken wooden bridge and this
isn't said okay well I'm gonna shoot my
arrow at the broken wooden bridge and
climb across and I said okay okay and
and and the other guy said I'll hold on
to the rope while he climbs across like
they didn't anchor the other side of the
rope I'm going
hold on to it so I said okay and so then
as soon as one kid got on the rope I
said roll for strength and you and hero
for strength and didn't have a high
number so I said your character starts
slipping and it just turned into this
whole thing of like now they have to
roll for dexterity and strength to see
if they fall into a pit of nothing I was
generous like you know like he the one
who's holding on to the Rope had a
couple load X arrow so oh you're
slipping oh yeah yeah he almost got down
to the end finally rolled as he said oh
yeah held on you made it just just at
the edge of the road I was generous you
don't want your character to die you
know if they did die like maybe I'd have
to like quick draw up a basement part
that me no let you work with it but but
so you know the the joy of a game like
that is just finding the little bits of
moments that you never would have
planned for and it was really great oh
you're getting shaken down or you shaken
down by the bank they wants to
renegotiate my what do I do - I sweep
top sweet-talked the banks do I ignore
the messages or do I educate the bank's
about their mistakes oh it's not in
person it's a communication thing
they're called they basically they space
called me you're on the the Leopards
bridge with Sumi yang and delirious for
the daily staff reading we received
three messages from the bank's loan
sharks from the people who are financing
chat wants educate they're considering
rewriting the terms of our loan so it'll
be easier to seize the ships I mean what
hat is click it let's see what happens
all right no no one um I'll deal with it
you say it later you record a response
in it you sternly
remind your lien holders that has
financial institutions operating on
Detroit 3 that's the name of the planet
they must abide by local contract law
you even cite the the relevant relevant
sections of legal code from memory so by
the way you're not intimidating them
you're you're smarting that yes you're
pointing out sections of bylaws oh
that's weak I guess I'm literally
educating them I thought educate was a
was a euphemism for I didn't - I'm
pretty sure this isn't here as a joke I
didn't i sweet-talked them last time ok
I'm gonna educate you let me show you my
book yeah yeah I got this event before I
just we talked
yeah then you point out as you've kept
records of all payments and
correspondence concerning the loans you
will be able to demonstrate in court
that their proposed revisions to the
agreed-upon terms would represent such a
gross violation of the law that you
would suddenly be awarded a second
dropship at the bank's expense once the
cameras off sir me sir my or a your your
your your navigator says there's no way
they'd push you on this too bad I'd like
to see the loan sharks grovel
that's cute your company is game the
following tags loan status fare whatever
that means
everything's fair now I want to know
what ignore does right and that's cute
yeah that's cute oh look at your ship
yeah
that's adorable little box ship that you
know what that kind of looks like a
piece of junk mercenary ship yeah
doesn't need to be fancy there ain't no
ain't no aerodynamics in space man just
for buy a box man box with wings oh I
have a contract I'm not gonna have fully
functional robots look fork days from
now I wonder if I'll get in trouble for
not doing the contract soon enough I
wonder he got away
all right good okay so now you have your
max all right we launched this week so
we can't wait a few days before okay
we're in violation of the contract beer
back
how's it going rich I'm doing fine
that's doing terrible in this game
earlier cuz I kept crashing I love you
to chat I love you too
blinky way I didn't know that apparently
the game defaults to lower arm room and
I can go to the MEC Bay and increase my
armor I didn't I did not know that that
seems weird
this game is pre clan invasion which is
just fine by me just fine by me
this game takes place before the client
invasion which is fine because the clans
are overpowered and I want to have fun
running my mercenary business not not
getting my ass kicked by overpowered
warrior race cults
favorite MEK in the series oh god I
don't even remember the name of it at
this point my favorite was one of the
one of the chicken walkers that just had
the big rocket launchers in either side
just visually I always thought that was
a neat chicken Walker
yeah like the inverted killer legs oh
sure yeah I get you I don't need you
anymore
80s teas yeah although he is like
chicken legs too yeah I was like bigger
though bigger fatter okay
big giant missile launchers catapult
that's it yeah all right Davey D no
people says Jack what's III plans you
guys going to stream the presentation
can't wait for games that look
uninteresting but turn out to be great
like God of War or doom PS what if
ant-man's kid infinity war spoiler I
think they're gonna they're gonna skirt
around this whole infinity war thing
this is gonna take place before it or
one die I don't I don't know it'll
probably take place before though I
don't know I'd find it really
interesting cuz it was during right yeah
they'd be crazy here's my official
prediction this takes place before
infinity war and a post-credits scene
yeah will show us something yep
how about that that's my official
prediction though it would be neat if
this did take place during the aftermath
and that's kind of why he got a little
leniency because the cops are so busy
dealing with this that they don't have
time to deal with this felon on house
arrest it's like what we can't ever half
the people are dead man
spoiler alert sorry
I know it's a spoiler alert I also know
it's based off of a very old comic book
but it's it's and we're done me where
were weeks out now so I'm gonna be okay
they did they had they had a throwaway
line about Hawkeye and ant-man in
infinity war saying that ant-man was on
house arrest and wanted to spend time
with his family so he wasn't coming to
the infinity war ant-man can you come to
the infinity war no I can't man no I
can't man
my house wrist that's fair that's fair
dude I mean you know it's just all the
fucking civilizations in the galaxy
Scott it was kind of a last-minute thing
a very short notice for the infinity war
that's the whole thing about being a
superhero no it does do villains ever
give you an invitation to their evil
play oh you got an invitation last time
really ant-man he did did he cuz
remember oh you haven't seen any yeah go
ahead man now in in ant-man they're
they're trying to steal a copycat
ant-man suit that the evil guy is making
and and like literally it's like a gala
so they do have an invite to the event
that they are hoisting the suit from
yeah it means not bad it's not a bad
movie you know a man named is cute it's
a cute movie I'm looking I'm looking
forward to two more - uh - more ant-man
the action the action sequences in that
man were really interesting they had a
lot of fun with you know tiny big tiny
big stuff okay a lot of a lot of neat
little setups
he's sort of got any invites what do you
mean he got an invite to civil he sorta
got any invites a civil war he was in
civil war I'm a member I'm a member I am
looking forward to or more ant-man
ant-man away s it's gonna be fun oh oh
yeah you asked about e3 I'm sorry that
old tip was about e3 I don't care I just
don't I care more about ant-man and wasp
than I do about e3 I don't never matters
it never ever matters we'll probably do
a similar thing that we did last year
just watch it on stream after the fact
we'll we'll make a list of all the
trailers we need to watch we'll do a
whole stream where we talk about all the
shit and that'll be the stream and
Brighton I mean we have some fun with
that last year I think yeah and that's
probably what we'll do this year we'll
wait till all the the big ones are over
and then watch some trailers get I think
last year we got 13 copyright strikes
and so you know what let's go let's go
for broke let's go for 14 this year not
as much as our Tony Hawk stream that's
been our most amount of copyright
strikes music was all the music on the
Tony Hawk stream that got us a ton
are you any completely whiffed
how embarrassing the bus
hey def stranding is going to have
gameplay this yeah hey by the way much
like his other games it might be
brilliant man mine and my his gameplay
has been good the question is how much
how much of his story can you stomach to
get to the next bit of gameplay
death stranding has twins giving a
thumbs up then one twin eats the other
seem exactly I love it
hello it it'll be fine no I will see the
same shit we'll see they'll show us some
more spider-man footage and they'll show
us a little more def stranding and
they'll show us a little bit more of a
rage 2 and is all same all same
everything's the same and then though
though maybe they'll give us a glimpse
at the new smash force which it's just
us two mechs oh that was super easy
super easy mission there just to mix
yeah yeah oh my god not complaining but
damaged that's finding yeah how did you
get damaged fucking Vindicator like we
told them not to use that name it's lame
it's brought him nothing but bad luck
what if I want but you won't I'm gonna
take part of him back here's the thing
for scrap you could take part of him
mech but you need three parts of anyone
back to put it together to make a whole
back you need three separate parts like
you need a body arms like what doesn't
say just says partial mech selvedge oh
okay and he had three parts that makes a
full mech and then it can't does it like
do a like a dice roll - what mecha get
or can you it's what you blow up this is
self adjusts after the battle you get to
pick from what blew up whoa okay that
has good heat so if I like I had I had I
had a situation that came up last night
yeah this is what I was disappointed
when I found out I couldn't customise
this mech how I wanted this would piss
me off but I got a good mech I just got
a critical hit I just headshot
yeah and the mech died the body was
intact and so when I went to the salvage
all three chunks were available for me
to take and I had a salvage contract
that let me take three chunks so I got
the full map yeah headshot nice and then
I couldn't attach the weapons I wanted
to it because the game ruin
customization
that that mech has really good heat
efficiency is what I will say and so is
that it is that really important what
why will you say that if you're looking
if you want that mech part oh and why
are you saying it has good oh they're
right because it has a really good heat
efficiency that's nice I don't know if
that's a that's important to you I'm
basically what I'm what I'm doing is
here's gonna do murmurs I'm floating by
kind of where I would go to see if
that's the right call take it at this
point I'd probably just take some
weaponry okay that's fair that's fine
oh okay I got the parts anyway no oh my
god let's see here Mead Wynn says hey
there plebs don't know if you recall but
it was me who went on about sorcery a
good while ago a good while back I sent
off a code to you guys I wanted to check
that you received it and if it worked
it's good morning from Sweden by the way
we might have and then I might have
forgotten about it yeah so we might have
I'm sorry if I had forgotten about it
sometimes that happens
I know dealing with our email Empire
rich it's it's a burden that I sometimes
fail em but I will see I'll look back at
my emails we might have gotten it I
think I do remember you're may emailed
us so I'm sorry if I didn't activate
that code I think I think we're good for
the night okay I'm sorry
we had so much trouble with the game
crashing halfway through the tutorial
and that we did not get very deep into
this game I apologize for that you
apologize for the game for the game okay
every I didn't I could have just gotten
through it early but I just fucked up I
just fucked up and I lost him back and I
couldn't complete the tutorial mission
that's your fault it wouldn't let me
lose him back that's your fault
absolutely cuz I thought I fucked up but
the letter next two times after that
totally the game's fault
absolutely
but we did not get very deep into the
game and I apologize we have one more
tip here then are we gonna play more
that wizard game on the stream I don't
know maybe not
it's a fun game that's why I just said
me play alone game okay here's our last
tip which is hey y'all just beat breath
of the wild on normal and clocked in 140
plus hours on my first playthrough yeah
yeah still still have the Zelda edge so
I'm playing it on master mode also
played pachinko for the first time this
week at anime central any of you tried
pachinko machine basically right but it
has little balls
it's like pinball you do much all just
random I don't either no idea I have no
idea but breath of the wild yes
absolutely
140 hours plus you can play that game
again and it's completely different good
luck on master mode yes good luck by the
way but I am super great renames then
we're caught up with tips we are caught
up with tips we are ready to read names
because now is the time of the stream in
which we thank all of you lovely people
who subscribe to us during this very
stream much like logan's out of breath
run crazy Elvis who says thanks for all
the hours of entertainment I listened to
you guys well I'm at work and you keep
me sane you're welcome that's that I
mean that's paradoxical
our emblematic pop who says I have three
cats Pongo the Norwegian Forest Cat
Ferguson darling the tuxedo cat and
Ouija the Sphinx cat lol pet my cat
everyone that reminds me rich what
apparently it didn't we I'm debating
whether I should say this on stream and
I am going to we have been invited you
and I both okay
have been invited to be guests on a cat
themed podcast why I as they said they
were fans and so I assume it's because
of the God of War review in which my cat
was heavily involved they have
celebrities of all statutes come on and
discuss their cats okay they have asked
for both of us I don't know if you want
to do it or not it's probably something
I'm gonna do just because I enjoy
talking people I thought I'd put it out
there I don't know how much I'd have to
say other than yeah I'm allergic
no I'm really really allergic so I might
I might just let you talk about this
yeah okay yeah that's fair I just wanted
to put it out there that there is such a
thing as a cat centric podcast that has
invited us to be on it's not shocking
yeah it's not shocking
that's it made me think of that uh Q
allergy pictures yes did they ask for
biscuit no they surprisingly they did
not ask for biscuit to be on the podcast
rude right and rude hartree-fock er
Helms jank cinnamon for 22 fucking
months in a row solo 56 7 for 28 fucking
months in a row crock 23a who says three
months I'm just a newborn looking for a
teat dark matter for 34 motherland
oh just render the fucking months in a
row says just a regular folks regular
fucking months are over
there's no mother yet says I would walk
eight hundred and four point seven
kilometres and I would walk eight
hundred and four point seven kilometers
more I would walk eight
4.7 kilometers and I would walk eight
hundred and four point seven kilometers
more just to be the man who walked 1600
nine point four miles to be that guy at
your door that's the same ring to it now
that it doesn't have it doesn't have
that swing veggies sixty four four
twenty four fucking months in a row one
Mario Mario 42 for 47 motherfucking
months in a row
who says friendly reminder to all Amazon
Prime people you have to manually rhesus
kryb thanks Mario Mario for shilling so
I don't have to but yet the way I still
did but as a chases if it's something
that we had to read rich you see it
wasn't me you know we reserve the right
not to read anything check read that
with relish I I did read that you have
to manually rhesus cribe with your
Amazon Prime subscription with relish
fucking rope Fresno Bob norm caliber
Cavalier Cavalier right ho Jeeves
who says today is national rescue dog
day a reminder to all of you listening
who might be considering getting a dog
to adopt not shop Jack will you be
getting your boys a dog in the future no
yeah yeah I can't we got a cat we're
good dog dogs our work every single
fucking day you gotta take them for
walks every day
yeah but dogs are actually family thanks
dogs love you in a way that biscuit
never will know
that's fine I like you-know-what and I
like dogs I don't want to seem like I'm
down on dogs I actually love dogs but I
I love petting other people's dogs yeah
if you have a dog
I will pet that dog and really enjoy
that I just don't I don't want to take
care of it I mean there are pros and
cons cats aren't hands-off yeah and
that's pretty nice yeah that's that's
pretty other Cat Cat doesn't care if he
does it doesn't you're not giving it
constant attention right mom is needy
loyal and friendly and loves you unlike
the cat the dog is like having a child
in diapers forever well no this is gonna
die in about ten years well it's like
having a child of diapers for ten years
you know a cat yeah you gotta clean its
litter box but you don't you don't have
to like take it to a special place to
shit you still gotta pick up the shit
know what's our quirks beggars aren't
that big like I guess unless you're
living in the country or the suburbs
backyards ain't that big you still got
pickup shit still got pickup I know I
love dogs no national rescue dog
whatever buy rescue Sean ohh Sean
underscore Sean underscore 432 fucking
months in a row who says I was mad about
the Thundercats then I remembered that
episode about soap being a secret weapon
and realized it was no great loss
yeah so being a Sikh I don't remember
that but I'm sure some stupid episode of
the Thundercats it's like I mean all of
them they're pretty stupid yeah you know
I'm not a fan you're not gonna hear me
arguing that's a petty for 19 months in
a row zoink Oh for 19 months in a row
who says hey guys well I found out how
in the last four years the people who I
counted on as friends really don't
count me as one oh that's good watching
you guys is one of the few things I can
do to take my mind off of this horrible
world well hope you guys are doing well
sorry to hear that zonko hope you find
some more friends
mate rom Creston the dentist creme test
the dentist
what kren 'test creme test the dentist
sorry
chrome aureus ernest con king jakey
luster had it coming it's true he did
reformed lad take a brash says nine
months that I actually remembered to sub
whoo
you did it you did it that's 85 who says
yay
I missed my 12 months Oh dots 85 for 13
months in a row who says I missed my 12
months by the way biscuit is one
beautiful little mofo he should really
replace rich not Jack oh damn fuck you
too
turd smuggler 44 who says not always
able to listen to your wife but
listening to you guys the next morning
during work always brings a smile to my
face
keep it up you hacks alright culture
fist who says my D&D; name was babying
Woodruff clef in Zook he was a gnome
bard level 3 comes over short for 12
months in a row as well one year
congratulations to me also you guys are
awesome thank you
we are I hate to tell you guys all the
time mr. walrus to the brush for 13
months in a row xlg anyone been 8 to
77238
Chino
Magnum Malone genome of anga yeah that's
pretty good
Jarek 42 valve 5001 for 15 months in a
row
Darth ERV for 14 months in a row who
says Chicago great city or greatest city
great you know what yeah Chicago's great
city suburbs I'm fond of the place but
I'm not gonna go nuts I've had some good
adventures down in Chicago
I'll tell you what you come walking you
learn to really appreciate the fucking
traffic up here oh man just for traffic
alone I would not want to move back to
the Chicago area
fine it's nuts it's not all the time
yeah even though the sports teams are
relevant that doesn't bother me but I
don't care but there are there are some
people who just went oh no he didn't not
me but other people ever ever every time
I have to drive drive down there it
really just hits home how different oh
the traffic is nuts down there yeah I
mean compared to here yeah Aryan like
like 20 minutes no we're 20 minutes in
the Greater Milwaukee area know where it
takes you longer than a half hour at any
time of the day like even if there's
traffic you can get there in half an
hour drunk drunk the wrong time of day
and Chicagoland area I'll take you 30
minutes to drive a couple blocks mm-hmm
that's true a lot of people a lot of
people Chicago also has though like 10
times the people Milwaukee is yeah so
yeah there's a reason yes dude we were
at bored bomber who says thanks for the
streams Jack keep up the DND
you will love it yeah so far I'm super
into it I hope we can I can I can get
some more people into it what's the sky
like in Milwaukee
can you see stars no you can't see stars
not really
not me not really now but you know what
we're not too far away from where you
can it's still a pretty big city and
it's still right next Chicago there's
plenty of light pollution to be had yeah
but you know you go an hour or two up
north you'll be fine mm-hmm you'll be
fine
you know really far up north that's
where you get to good so I've heard
yeah you get you go up to like Door
County oh I thought I thought I
literally thought and I know you rich
Evan huh I literally thought you were
raising your sleeve to show me a tattoo
we were taught we were talking about
stars and wanting to see stars and I
thought you're gonna be like check this
out and I thought you're gonna show me
some like constellation aim I don't know
why I thought that cuz I know you want
to let you know where my brain was like
it looked like you were rolling it up
like this out it's Orion Caracara
Huascar the dark door county someday oh
it's great it's great yeah go go like to
like downtown Door County it's beautiful
you good well that's basically the
peninsula at the top right yeah you know
cuz we're like a left hand and it sits
right at the tip of the thumb okay okay
and oh it's beautiful up there good look
great little town fun fun stuff to see
and yeah you go stargazing up there now
you'll see some shit all right
that's a great question dude do Magnus
PU for 40 motherfucking months in a row
who says 40 motherfucking months can't
even believe it thanks for all the
entertainment welcome mister the kid
life Kemal 1913 VX 1 3 5 for 23 fuckin
listen a rope five-30 skeptic who says
heart emoji alright
mag abuse you low so there's no way to
read that better kilos oh my god
yep I was I was looking I was looking
for the words that made sense rich but
you got it
caffeine flew me death John for 18
months in a row
mister tummy giggles who says oh my god
I finally got to play The Last of Us
spoiler its shit you got emotions the
talk a plot shitter it's a fanboy got it
we got a rabid fan boy again sticky
paper
48 god damn motherfucking months in a
row nice oh what a great way to
memorialize four years feta bruschetta
407 funky tombs for okay four okay funky
tunes
sexy Batman pharmacist who says thanks
to prereq I went and picked up Dark
Souls 3 you fucks this is the most
sadistic game I've ever played
Cheers you're welcome you're welcome
Louis is the actual story yeah yeah I'm
looking forward to remastered
dive deep into that average AG darksouls
no one who says I thought the nerd crew
Denny's bed was made up then I saw the
source Collider video shame shame I have
nothing personal against Collider
I really don't yeah I I watched that and
I was just laughing controller I don't
know if I've seen that the sort I have a
one of their Jedi Council videos is
basically just an elongated Denny's
commercial I really have nothing
personal against them but that oh my god
you know what
speak into anyone who's making videos
out there we all hustling I know
rogue scholar 42 dr. soya neighs 437
motherfucking months in a row Chris
games 2004 21 in fucking months a
neurosis whoo battle tank looking
forward to the full review gents
also hope you got that not beer I sent
left a note this time to save you one
Jack probably it's probably right there
one of these boxes is rather heavy it's
probably at now Oliver and so heavy I
dropped it seven times on the world and
it is it's actually it's leaking a
pretty foul-smelling thing onto the
counter oh I just thought you'd been
drinking all Oliver MD who says buddy of
mine didn't enjoy Battletech much what
this rich think of it so far keep up the
solid work PS you stink beef the combats
leaving me lukewarm but I like running a
mercenary organization I like that yeah
we'll get a few more hours into it of
course you know like my planning a lot
more oh I mean before yeah like you have
a couple hours in yeah you know not a
not enough for a real a real deep dive
given WMDs
who says happy three months obligatory
oh my god oh my god that was appropriate
for three months yeah the retrograde art
Linderman
they said emoji I can't say that again
arcticus Rex for 20 fucking months in a
row says oh fuck oh fuck it's natural to
you musical instrument you you you you
have vocal muscle memory rich it's
amazing
doh deans says you guys are the best
keeping you giant robot is zero zip
dizzle that sounds like a rap star you
would make up you going to the hip-hop
show you're going to see that zip dizzle
that sounds like a bit that you and Mike
would right now with the zip dizzle guar
funcle' 4:20 funk going months in a row
performs with yo Co yo zip dizzle
featuring yoda yo-yo-yo-yo with their
song dem bitches dem hoes as someone
who's a fan of hip-hop i approve these
jokes
we are at a dkf f1v for 20 fucking
months in a row who says Martha
sir damn 3ke says I'm not saying that on
stream and I just want you to know that
I personally think you are a monster
gibbous moon for 33 fucking months in a
row the UPS man 87 hot sauce Johnson
this is rich what's the next release
movie or game you are looking forward to
her to probably I'm Morrison saying the
new spider-man oh yeah I thought about
this too much so just go where the wind
takes you you go where Mike points you
can't worry about what's always new
always new always fresh John oh my god
yeah infinity worst part - that'd be
that'd be a different movie honour
Ottawa captain I don't feel so good
captain I suggest we shoot everything
that moves
no love the sole purpose on that show
was to make humanity look better mmm
Alexander Alexander are you okay look at
how good humanity is because we put up
with this shit but he like he also gets
beaten all the time like like I
understand his purpose but like in
looking at it he is he's a weak war
monger his culture has horrible things
that we have to tolerate cuz we're
tolerant
we're so tolerant and good at virtuous
and he's trying he's really trying he's
doing his best he's putting in the hours
his other purpose was to get beat up to
make other things look stronger which
only made Worf look weak in the long run
all the time he got his ass handed to so
often it just made Worf look weak
you have to let him win at leave in a
couple yes every to reset that
oh yeah Worf is the strong one okay good
where were we
Wilkins the clown for 40 motherfucking
months in a row okay I got nothing
against worth where's a fine character
I'm just saying is I'm that show it's
it's always Worf gets beat up or Worf
suggests do they take a violent action
and Picard immediately shuts him down
Werfel say locking on phasers and
paralytic no we must have diplomacy
that's what they constantly did with
Worf
yeah yeah and so it had to be like one
of those things where it's like you had
to pre assume that Worf was extra tough
yeah I might I might say that Worf was
better on D at Deep Space nine some
people might think that's blasphemy but
he was just a better fit there he didn't
have to be the punchline
Deep Space nine is a show about the
Federation being in this deep horrible
war yeah
and Worf just fit better sure I could
see that oh yeah I think like what was
Worf one that was used all the time as a
question set up or was that more Riker
or Riker what did you be dumb yeah and
the scientists would have to explains
the audience but now what if we
realigned the warp coil to defuse the
cosmic energy and then they have to go
what would that do well you see yeah
yeah if we reverse the second thing that
flow what's the second record well it's
this let me explain it for the audience
yeah miker
so you need one character just a big
dummy right yeah that was Riker
we are now at a data
oh speaking of data war obviously a
different data but you know it fits in
with one more time
yeah data war wait oh my god
my name is tape for thirty five fucking
months in a row says I remembered resub
on my own terms
truth truth coconuts
18:11 okay okay just don't rub you in
the name I remember the question though
okay sorry which one did I interrupt
that you started saying are Miller for
thirty three fucking months in a row who
says thirty three months old today I'm
so happy that my Amazon Prime
subscription allows me to freely
subscribe to any twitch channel of my
choosing good thing I also remember to
re-subscribe this much which is required
by anyone else with prime as well
alright doctor all go rhythm I am so
down with this running gag okay then
who's that don't be at any sad just a
little bit just a little bit at the end
here bleach me says hey guys here's your
monthly pay don't spend it all in one
place you fucks thanks for making me
laugh and Mark D Howland
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciated and remember that if you
subscribe to us via twitch prime that it
doesn't cost you anything extra gives us
a little extra you don't have your
finger on the Go button I thought you
would cut me off Midway I don't know one
popped up anyway oh shit Skipton oh
seven sorry the best bits of Mice and Men
