Feb 15, 2018
Injustice: Gods Among Us
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/229502235
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/229504053
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9HvvGU5mG4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Y5Z3bAxnII
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/964285162891743232

[Part I]
or your in your in your on no oh good
we're trained skating here comes Ben oh
my god am i playing no oh that's not me
called it a track screen oh no what
track screen a track screen an
attractive screen yes sure from the
arcade terminology from the arcade days
hey nobody's playing me look what I can
do look what I can do I like it no I did
I you know I like I knew that was a
thing like you know the thing that yeah
it sells yumm that shows you what the
game plays I never knew it had a name
like an attract to scream yeah I like it
hey everybody welcome how's everyone
doing welcome to the stream so the big
question yeah the big question the
important question here's the important
question you played in justice
livestream yeah all right since then
yeah have you read an Aquaman comic book
that's a great question
not only have I not read an Aquaman I'm
going to be really honest with you I
have not thought about this game or DC
Comics in the time that I've played
since I bow so like like like water off
a duck's back I'm just real real talk I
might have forgotten how to play the
game okay like I've forgotten all the
combos all the special button I know you
were enjoying this I was having we were
having a decent time though the special
attacks were fun but I have just
completely removed it from my brain well
alright so I'm not that's not saying
it's a bad game that's just saying it
wasn't necessarily you know it's a
fighting game
does that scorpion yes scorpion is in
the game if that would look to be the
case yes
why is scorpion in the game for fun
that's awesome the Ninja Turtles are in
the new one right I do kind of want to
play that with the ninja think he'll
boys and one of them oh yeah that's neat
maybe it's extra neat if they're
actually part of the story like they've
run into the scorpion get it over here
actually hold on just one sec I'll be
right back
okay Jack just left
Sub Zero is in the new one - oh cool I'm
doing I'm doing some double duty I'm
ingesting footage while we streamed okay
alright let's start playing where are we
play story continue I think we just
started the Deathstroke stuff I don't
remember but I wasn't playing that would
look to be Deathstroke yes okay play I'm
no good at fighting games oh I'm gonna
remember it's gonna take me like it's
gonna take me a minute
oh it's it's gonna take me a solid
minute before I remember like what
buttons do what wait like I forget how
to do that can someone remind me how I
do my super to do both British both
triggers that's right
better it's not the best yeah you know
he throws a sword he shoots his guns
what else do you want
suck it Shazam no one cares about your
magic shit can't you beat the game just
by nationally the a button over and over
let's find out but possibly no that
doesn't seem to work I think X is the
one you want to mash over and over again
see that's like the cheap quick one Oh
through the side of the thing oh shit I
was doing pretty well
oh crap oh Jesus oh my god that didn't
look good he threw me like through the
Sun he's got the background with like
little things orbiting his head that's a
good question I don't know
there we go I was it need milk combo
ain't no war that's fire game oh man oh
no they're playing injustice again
whatever whatever good
whatever we play whatever we play no
it's never good enough the whole night
of injustice like how many years did
people want us to play this one Oh
they've been talking about a non-stop
it's gonna be a great Superman slash
Captain Marvel cutscene coming up
alright okay mr. Sam get us head crusher
that would be great
Shazam is technically stronger than
Superman because Superman's weakness
well that's not how I always read it I
was read it that Superman wasn't really
you know any weaker to magic than anyone
else
it's just that Superman doesn't have any
special and vulnerabilities to magic
right a spell that wouldn't turn a
person into a frog yeah wouldn't turn
Superman into more of a frog it would
just turn him into a frog okay
hey I won I don't know how I won but I
won that I don't know if that's accurate
but that's that's how I always saw
Superman's magic weakness
okay I think that's fair a super frog
and since I think Shazam's magic really
just gives them strength and lightning
powers
yeah whatever Superman's normal and
vulnerabilities are from getting hit in
the face would apply yeah but it would
hurt him but not anymore just because he
gets a strength from magic beam I guess
I wonder I wonder what the what the
cannon is on that damn stroke that lame
flash are our flash
stop what you're doing it's not what I
do oh shit
flash fight shit oh this flash is
useless so this should be easy
I like the guns you know I like the guns
I like that in fighting games we just
whip out your gun flash is a character
who should be embarrassed about losing
to pretty much anybody right like I get
it that he's not like technically super
strong but he's fast enough where yeah
no one should be able to hit him or grab
him ever but you know powers are weird
help he's not having super strength you
go that fast like mass and acceleration
that he should hit like like a fucking
like a planet you should get like a
planet yeah I was gonna say a
sledgehammer but that's not big enough
right shit oh you blocked it
I should be able to make earth
crime-free in under one hour yes yes
this is exactly what we're saying
yup that's neat
oh yeah suck at berry no you make the
flash vulnerable oh and have it be
plausible time he has the same speed he
has but his reactions are still normal
human reaction parts then then you've
got to make ins yeah infinite potential
and he just can't fully utilize him then
then his power is almost teleportation
yeah right like oh I can get over there
really fast but if anything comes into
mind like I'll trip and injure myself
horribly jeopardize the entire mission
Batman this is cyborg we have the
watchtower but we've got a problem
the reactors gonna look it's a runaway
you have 90 minutes taking flash out
taking her up flash is easy string a
bunch of wire around and speed by
against light spits only flash and
action in the comic books reacts as fast
as he moves and he would just gingerly
step over the wires from his perspective
right because if and if you think about
it like he can think as fast as the yeah
yes so that it like it totally makes
sense and also if he's moving fast
enough he can like just momentum right
through those wires so if something
travels fast enough it will snap a wire
no matter how strong it is or yes he can
move fast enough to vibrate his
molecules to travel through solid
objects that's all comic books man oh
sure sure sure they're all silly why is
the world not always in slow motion for
the flesh I think sometimes it is
written that way sweden's let's go
yeah and I think a lot of it is like an
adrenaline thing so you know like it is
slow-mo only kicks in and when you know
like he can choose when and it's a
journal and we have to keep trying there
may be their only way home make this
quick frost I'm needed at strikers I've
discovered anomalies like tears in the
fabric of space-time I got your message
get to the point I think these are
places though those breasts are too big
Wonder Woman's breasts look at them
they're ridiculous rich man for a while
the Flash's powers and spider-man's
combined it would be literally a god
here's the thing Flash's fast enough he
doesn't need spider-man's spider-sense
he just doesn't need it right the whole
world is in slow motion he can he can
watch that bullet gingerly float by him
he he has time to just go like this he
has time to stop and look around him at
all at all times right like yeah he
doesn't need a spider sense you know you
know it would be a great power
combination huh spider-man oh fuck you
spider-man and Nightcrawler
teleporting because like nightcrawlers
thing has always been like he needs to
see a room in order to in order to
teleport in there because uh no that
didn't you because if he displaces a
wall he loses to the wall but if he had
spider-man's spider-sense he could
teleport anywhere without seeing
basically have to kill flashing asleep
uh that would be an effective way of
going about it yes yeah you should be a
supervillain you killer frost go back to
sky high wouldn't flash at some point
moved too fast to be able to receive the
photons from nearby light sources
wouldn't he be basically blind during
some of his runs Speed Force that's any
time something for the flash doesn't
make sense physically yeah speed
four-seaters yeah friction the friction
taraskin piece speed force speed force
or his suit you see his suit takes in
light from surrounding area and he moves
the fast wouldn't be affected by special
speed force
before you know right that the the magic
thing
technically spider-sense is a mild form
of freaky freedom premonition I always
got precognition precogs precognitives
oh but see flash doesn't need that to
not get hit right when the world can
move in SuperDuper slow motion around
you you don't need this patience it
basically the flash is playing FTL at
all time and just pausing whenever he
wants to so he can assess the situation
yeah he doesn't need any special
abilities
fuck you Wonder Woman
here have a thing precut sees the future
premonition feels the future alright I
don't feels the future I don't I don't
know my my gobbledygook nonsense wait a
minute I'm pretty up on gobbledygook
nonsense you correct me on my astrology
a what Sagittarius psychic reflexes is a
pretty cool power oh fuck yeah fuck yeah
knowing knowing what's going on around
you doesn't that ever work
Romantica this time of high school I was
drawing some kind of poster or some kind
of a homecoming float thing there's a
picture of dragon on it and and the
nerdiest person of all time yeah got
annoyed because I didn't give the dragon
enough fingers the dragon a dragon needs
a specific number of yes really drilled
with three fingers dragons afford and
this person was so autistic I was
working on this at school yeah
they snuck into the art class the art
room after after school and altered my
drawing against my really yes that's a
special kind yes it was very special
which carried a lot of homecoming I like
to draw and somebody gave me an excuse
to draw on school time and said I'll try
that thing yeah you float I don't care
he was if it's more just I get to draw
at school yeah that sounds great yeah
that dragon only needs one finger I I
guess I just didn't know there was a
rule about dragons and how many fingers
there isn't because they're fictional
creatures give my many fingers you want
fine
yeah play this game is the flash like
the other the other curves just be like
standing still right like the initial
first punch animation should be like
just ten minutes long while flash is
just hitting them repeatedly here we go
we have the Big Finish I'm not impressed
flash hasn't move in this where the
screen slows down for the other player
woman then that should be it should be
the whole fight though you can shoot
Wonder Woman it's remember it's a it's a
video game any sort of team-up we're in
you can't have either one decisively win
you need you need to have one side be
awesome against the other side and then
the other side be awesome against the
one side because that's how fanservice
works
Thank You Cousteau celeriac for showing
us the true way about dragons
one of those things Aquaman has giant
lobsters Aquaman is using giant lobsters
we're getting closer
steer so Aquaman is attacking the giant
lobster which is great
I joined him to protect you
he said if I helped find you him spare
me time I misdirected him small comfort
for the ones who died in my place yeah
get out of here
dammit Ruth don't idea what I do you
think I'm here by coincidence
there is no we instead I have a job to
do back down to roll up a Baccarin is
that gorilla grodd I'm not sure if it's
Grodd or just one of his race that could
be grad doesn't grind up some get ahead
gem thing guys it usually has a hundred
of some kind I'm just gonna use that
move as much as I possibly fucking can
run you over with my car
because even though I'm in this other
dimension my car is still here
no this is the proper dimensional Batman
I think though no no this is oh yeah
you're right yeah other the normal
Batman is chained up in prison the
normal Batman has the ugly outfit and he
has this somewhat passable outfit you
can't do that yep that's a Grodd I know
visiting the next game is the exact same
design okay well then I'm not sure oh
yeah I got a and you know you can't I
don't think you can have Grodd as a
fighter herself like cleanup
he's a giant gorilla normal gorillas
size you might be thinking of titanos
the super a it's very possible I'm
thinking of tight a no the super 8 I
thought God was a larger baby we've
talked about this before at some point
in the distant past there was some
random issue of DC Comics work they had
a picture of a gorilla on the cover
yeah and for whatever reason it's sold
and usually well and it started a trend
where the publisher would just wanted to
shovel gorillas on covers yeah because
that one is sold well once
I have to stop paying attention to
people in the background because I'm
like I'm losing the fight and I don't
want to but I keep on like that's the
parasite back there yeah and I love the
parasite oh come on that was the
parasite being held back by an electric
fence right how is that a thing you mean
the the thing that can suck energy from
the the creature who who who takes
energy and turns it into his own energy
that's a great question rich oh wow
the game's getting harder rich is that a
thing that normally happens in games oh
shit
DC doesn't have a vast array of eight
themed characters detective chimp
gorilla grodd typed a No that's three
off the top of my head and I'm I'm I'm
not that knowledgeable on DC law right
and really isn't that enough three
absolutely does Marvel have Apes
what was his name the red ghost has like
super Apes that worked one three or four
of them and I think they're fantastic
for villains oh yeah yeah they don't
talk they don't they're just Apes that
happened to have superpowers and they're
trained well yeah they have - yes they
have to be because you know they're eggs
you can say they're four characters
protectively they're just part of one
team Oh beep oh the super monkey Depot
the super monkey yeah
is that is that DC or marvel he hangs
out with like comet the superhorse
streaky the super cat and Krypto the
Superdog great so that's definitely DC
face something rich one comment for
eight days you know type something
worthy of reading bitch whose fault is
it really
if they promptly asked me a stupid
question like are you familiar with
doctor fake comic book tell me your
thoughts about doctor fate and I didn't
read it yeah I got upset because you
only read one talk about that thing you
don't know that much about now get upset
when you don't read my comment and I'm
gonna keep commenting that's coming all
day yes until you acknowledge it wait I
like it this Sun but Superman's been
more of a father than you ever were you
stopped being my son when you killed
Dick Grayson he was my son
wait Damian Wayne Oh
Damian Wayne sucks
okay okay I hear you I hear you
what's that well you can't knock him
into gorilla come here I want to knock
you into gorilla grad you just bounce
off you know he should grab you and
throw you around a bit right well it's
just one of those environmental things
they probably want to like turn it into
too big a deal they're gonna hit you
with my superpower
McCully this room says thanks hacks you
want them what did you say Thanks okay
rewind shank says I know jack is going
rich who don't care about Cape shit are
you going to see Black Panther this
weekend no probably not and have you
heard of escape from tarkov it's an FPS
with Diablo lewd and MMO elements cheers
I have not heard of that
sweetie Isis rich all right
and you know while I am gonna go see
Black Panther I probably won't have a
chance to see it this weekend just
because it's unsure sold out and I have
not pre purchase tickets so like usually
what I do like for big movies like this
is I wait till Monday
yeah cuz then you know like I can see
that might leave here Monday morning
Karen has never expressed an interest on
going and if any any of our shows and
I'm not gonna force her into that
position where she probably wouldn't be
comfortable anyway mm-hmm so that's
probably why you haven't seen Karen on
review talking about the flight of the
Phoenix up
it's hard to sympathize with Aquaman he
can control an army of
monsters it's just not fair really I
don't think he's supposed to be
it's just a pissed-off water king he's
pissed off water king there was he
always that way or do they kind of mimic
me more I know so little I think I think
Aquaman was still goofy when name war
was doing his pouty king of the Seas
thing was it made more around first yeah
but he wasn't anywhere near as famous
first right control yeah Batman of
course I can
suck it lessor me
do that over and over again
oh I don't have it I don't have it yet
where's my superpower give me
superpowers they're not have it yet
there it is
Smulders awesome says hey guys if I'll
give you money will you say my screen
name on your internet show sometimes
mama says did you guys hear about the
crazy shit involving one of the slow mo
guys yes I was talking about that
earlier oh yeah yes very frightening
currently some fan thought his wife is
too hot and he didn't enjoy her so he
broke into his house with a gun well
remember she tried to kill him she is oh
shit
she is also a youtube personality and so
like I think it had less to do with him
and more to do with like the fans
obsession with her that would make more
sense and then and they thought he was
not worthy of her and so they were gonna
get rid of him scary is what I believe
that the situation was incredibly scary
luckily they they called the police and
the police showed up within minutes and
they were able to hide from him but yes
very very scary stuff
cephalo pathetic says rich someone
submitted an article to a fraud journal
that invite dr. Lewis Zimmerman
recapping the plot of threshold from
voyage oh what Star Trek up and you
write a fake science vertical on I don't
know of the warp salamanders huh perfect
yes Voyager was such an awesome show
they revealed that when you go warp ten
you turn into a salamander well you you
you go through the evolution yes because
that makes sense easy there tough guy
get him outside I'm not leaving just go
well let's go superpowers don't matter
in this fighting universe origins
remember they have pills
that's right man pills this they tried
yeah it's a bit convenient but that did
something nonnamous a test did it you
did it it was a success maybe or failure
on the who knows but at this point but
skies / ways so hey guys probably too
late since you will beat injustice today
yeah
but if you're still wanting to fix the
washed out colors and check out the
sweet FX mob
so somebody modded brighter colors into
this game oh nice
perfect yay PC mutters you're doing the
work the dead stripper
like like what good is that battery I'm
doing mr. Chris I think it's just
distracting them long enough to get your
car in there you're testing my patience
I still don't quite understand this like
who wins why they win I don't get it but
I mean they're the class oh I still
don't understand why people win when
they win I think they have more shifty
dupe to wager is that it yes but then
you would just automatically lose what
do you mean if you don't have enough
suit yes well they might not be willing
to wager their whole bar on it right
well you said it doesn't seem to do that
much damage it might be a waste it could
be to submit your whole super-dee-duper
meter Superman is the enemy Howell not
me yeah
second
it's it's fine folks I'm okay with evil
super evil authoritarian supermoon
because yeah he is the superhero that
could kill every single person on the
planet without even trying yeah
I can't Green Lantern just create
kryptonite with his green dot usually
actually make faces you just make things
that look like things he's part of green
energy I think it's just things that
look like things out of green energies I
don't understand enough about the Green
Lantern power set to control I you have
it that's it that's the only thing don't
leave there will power to create magical
prose to you
watchtower
watchtower physical projection yeah so
it's just it's just energy in the light
so he can't actually like make there's a
walking green holodeck yeah he can't
make like a hamburger he can just make
something that looks like a glowing
green hamburgers okay he could make
something that looks like kryptonite to
like oh I thought I heard something to
like scare Superman like ooh they're
saying he can replicate energy waves as
well so he could replicate the
Kryptonite energy but that's not what
hurts Superman it's the it's the
irradiated kryptonite right like well
the radiation that's an energy wave I
suppose I get to fight as Lex Luthor yes
I want to be a giant robot lovely how
everyone tries to make anyone as strong
as Superman a drummer
he's just imbalanced nerfed Superman
they've tried that a few times in the
comics okay it just took away from
Superman's Appeals because Superman
started out pretty basic like you know
he's strong he didn't have the ability
to fly he didn't have his laser vision
didn't have his freeze breath he was
just strong and could jump high and he
literally just left buildings in a
single bound
right he didn't fly over them
but originally yes
so why does it let loose it let loop lex
luthor's Mac have a comment so you can
see his face because if an actor is
gonna do this they want to see the face
well yeah I'm assuming it has some sort
of energy helmet
damage assessment how long superfly
until they did the cartoons just look
better interesting
oh did Dumpty fell through a truck
Humpty Dumpty suit is all matches your
eyes
it is quite spiffy
unless you want Superman to succeed step
aside
both of you you're trying to beat
Superman your bestest buddy a deception
created so I could aid the insurgency
well then how about we share Theodore
will you help mr. Luthor out of four
levels from when he can I don't think so
take a nuke to the face and be knocked
out for like ten minutes this time stop
giving him more oh shit we're going guys
I'm Anne I'm Anna I'm a giant fucking
robot Harley do you realize that once
upon a time Superman used to move
planets wrong really I'm pretty sure
they've done that
come fact the Joker in this game voices
breathing and won't come back oh yeah
see what is supers okay I look like I
know about fighting as Lex Luthor one
Lex Luthor become a space what's Luthor
has occasionally had goofy armor from
ladies the 70s oh you're gonna say
that's I want to make that is that like
justice front or the Superfriends
curtains in the cartoon problems before
that the comic because if you again if
you're going to fight Superman you need
you need a stick to you know match his
strength and so he has his giant robot
armor which by the way I fucking love
because you know I mean robot suits who
doesn't love robot suits yeah but
doesn't that take away the whole brains
versus brawn aspect of it built a
classifier all right Iron Man suit it's
gotten bigger over time yeah like I
think I think Lex is powerchute got
really big and like the mazes well as
every fucking thing did or whatever but
that's not a thing oh yeah it's
definitely a thing and you know what I
like it I like it it's it it perfectly
subs up Lex's inferiority complex of
Superman it's basically like a giant
pair of truck nuts his big mech suit
I'll be strong the Superman shit
there he is it still 40 cakes
pom nobody was looking yes what some
children's book that had Lex Luthor
serving 40 cakes yes and I think he was
drawn warned the power armor in that bad
book it's got a famous English thing oh
okay
like it's like a like an early reader
Super Friends yes yes the 40 cakes is
canon known what do they have a jokey
reference to that wouldn't surprise me
you know this is actually related it's
not gonna I'm ready you know you know
something I like amongst the many things
I like about doom 2016 you know that rip
and tear line yeah you know the origin
of reppin Terra no you don't know the
origin I knew ahead of time I think I
saw it way back in the day there was a
single-issue doom comic book okay and
just one what it wasn't a series okay no
I think there's like a convention
giveaway kind of thing ago and the
dialogue is me Ashley terrible and like
doom rate is saying I will rip and tear
your guts your guts are big that means
you have huge guts I will rip it tear
your guts okay and that's the origin of
rip and tear it was it was it's been
around for a while
and it's been a joke yes but I just a
complete fucking joke right what I love
about dim 16 is it took that line yeah
it had made it badass
it took this line there was an infamous
joke and made it absolutely badass is
great that's me right Terry
that's great
that's great you've outgrown him
easy guys he's on our side punk once and
the planet to explode by kicking it keep
him locked up this time that'll be the
least of us these guys why are you
travelling comments a planet the way
does that mean he stopped the planet
from exploding by hugging it that's
great
I can't you imagine anything tougher
than a brick wall Green Lantern you know
a big shield would be nice but you know
a brick wall I I could see I I think
comic book artists love the Green
Lantern because they love drawing big
wacky yeah yeah and like a brick wall is
a very nice visual the little lines on
it it looks good I understand
och girl fights but I'm Lexie bird in my
shoe verse shoe source of my powers I'm
giving you a chance you're done I want
to get to the fights awkward pause it
okay here we go okay give me a second
what do you need to do what start
importing the next okay I thought you
needed to go quickly look up the doom
1990 comic book nineties
um dude l-3 says hey guys only recently
discovered prereq and i'm loving going
back through your old vids just
wondering what you think of this game so
far design is terrible but I quite like
its silliness and the story wise I got
no problems with it evil Superman's a
fun concept yeah I haven't really played
any of it I don't I don't take the
fighting games that well I'm terrible at
them I I don't want to button button
Manish but I usually end up button
mashing because there's usually just way
too many fucking combos and no way I'm
going to fucking memorise them there's a
point in these games when button mashing
turns into intent okay because like
after a while your muscle memory kicks
in and you just start to know what the
buttons do you know it takes a bit to
learn it I saw the the environmental
killin I thought that was that
run on subtitles you fucks oh sure sure
you pausing on before you forget do nope
can't I have to go back to the main menu
wait to the fights over okay where do
the fights over fighting games require
patience to have fun hundred Harry
rewarded I don't doubt that but by the
time by the time I actually started
learning this shit I probably be done in
sick of the game right by the time I
moved out of matching things it would be
too late missed wasted wasted it that's
what you said last room someone asked
oh shit I just read on the origin of
Green Lantern and the creator mark
scroll you're struggling to fast I can't
read this it's gone
that's gone wait and the creator Martin
O'Dell says the publisher okayed it and
then Bill Finger came in to help that
fucking guy made everyone yep
yeah it's all you need you just need
that one dude sucks to be bill fingers
oh well yeah he did not get in his
recognition in his time shield are you
since the day Superman decided to hurt
us like sheep he only wants what's best
for us
we aren't his melee things and he's no
God
no finger I made two or three characters
Stanley pump them out by the dozens you
know I think I think did Cohen and Kirby
I wrote some credit there you know Stan
is very important but but also let's
remember that Stan popped out so many
characters that a few of them were just
bound to be good
obviously Stan had a knack you know do
you know the secret to this pumping out
so many comics yeah he wasn't really
writing them writing them do you
understand you're not a Marvel method
work effectively the artists were doing
the plotting uh-huh Stan Lee wrote them
when he came in he looked at the art
that the artist had drawn and he decided
what words they would so that was the
Marvel method that's how they didn't so
that's how he did so many books well I
think he liked he also had a role in
creating them as well oh sure oh I'm not
doubting that yeah I'm not doubting that
I'm just saying like what happened in
Fantastic Four like at some point
Kirby stopped consulting with Stan and
he would just draw his story and then
Stanley would just come and put worms on
oh yeah I noticed a few time reading old
spider-man comic books that the words
that Stan Lee put in didn't quite fit
the action bed Steve Ditko was drawing
it didn't that's great no good comes
from hero
dialogue by Stanley status all right
before we start our next fight I'll head
to the main menu and turn subtitles back
honest there was one there was one time
in an old spider-man comic book was like
just Stanley didn't know what words he
should put in her mouth
yeah he literally just put in blank word
balloons had a little caption for fun
put in your own words that's where his
enough said
comic series came from or he's like fuck
these are these drawings are so good I
know exactly what's happening I don't
need any words uh it's that that's the
gimmick you see I love his enough said
series I see what's the worst care for
credit able to stand ladies stripper
alone bar I was gonna say barbed wire no
that's not part you think it a stripper
I'm thing a stripper Ella yeah they both
they're both Tim Landers yeah yeah
and yeah any of the characters he
created like after Mar for that short
period of time when Marvel fired him for
like 5 years then he went on to create
like all the weirdo characters a Neos
here's here's my question and it's not a
fair question because I don't know how
many others stand people actually work
with making comic comics yeah but are
there any memorable Stan Lee characters
that didn't have either a did coworker
be collaboration piece so if I have to
be later in the Marvel yeah and I don't
I don't know that that's a fair question
there's probably 95% of everything he
ever wrote was done with either fucking
Kirby right right hmm maybe uh maybe the
chat will have something okay jettison
chat is coming up with a bunch of notes
did he kill Lex maybe
maybe that's enough to show shoes am
captain marvel that Superman is and
doesn't have everyone's best interest in
he's ah did Lex okay
the duplicates they've incited
insurrection
we must suppress this filth willfulness
leads to anarchy it cannot be allowed to
spread I will turn on subtitles I just
need to wait until the next flight
starts but I think grateful or else
we're gonna miss the cutscene no wine
complain side with those criminals chaos
is a good storyline this reminds me of
irredeemable never read that no I think
it's called the irredeemable I might be
getting the name room it's but it's
basically about a Superman you like
superhero who goes nuts one day besides
you know to rule over everyone out and
the other lesser superheroes have to be
band together but this is like after he
has already destroyed half of the world
yeah and so it's a little
post-apocalyptic and it's crazy it's a
decent books going too far and other
words talked a while back about movie
eyes no no there have to be limits even
on irreversible it's something like that
EU redeemable re reverse boilers have
you gone nuts Louis would never want
one what that's awesome
suck it Billy take that you ten-year-old
kid and Superman knows that he's a ten
year old kid
Superman's just can't you killed a
little boy unforgivable is that the name
of the comic book that's awesome
take him outside
Grundy do you redeemable it is down okay
that's what I thought Thank You Marco
yeah why who's a tenure okay so Shazam
the one with a lightning bolt the one
that just got his brain melted looks
like a Superman as character looks like
a fully grown adult but it's actually a
ten year old boy named Billy
that's who can turn into the superhero
Captain Marvel he says the magic word
and the magic lightning comes down
strikes him and turns him into a big
superhero yeah
Shazam so he's actually a 10 year old
kid or 12 or round young young and and
in current incarnations he still has the
mind of a 10 year old kid even though he
looks like an adult oh yeah and as super
powers but he sells the mind of the
thing you can't leave that was prime
spirit back in the day dude what 90s
kind of Malibu you remember them we're
around too long they had a superhero
called Potter he's the same premise but
really really childlike yeah
mentality I think that's fun that's oh
that's a fun premise shit oh sure new
superhero time I'm the flash oh I just
did something I don't know what I did it
to be fair one of Shazam's powers is the
the wisdom of Solomon so it makes sense
that he wouldn't be a child like as the
superhero is the wisdom of Solomon yeah
but all the letters in Shazam used to
stand for something oh yeah yeah s was
for King Solomon the wisdom of Solomon
Oh actually they're meant to us is is
the other three Samson probably sure the
lightning of Zeus or something might
occur they all stood for something
really yeah Oh interesting
the speed of homies classic subtitles
Jack oh fuck right just restart this do
subtitles yeah you're right you're right
sorry I will get subtitles on audio
settings usually wisdom of Solomon
strength of Hercules I forget the rest
there's strength of Hercules okay no
gameplay settings oh here it is sorry
sir
in gameplay settings not an audio or
video settings which is strange
just make sure they've changed story
subtitles is on okay great
all right you know what I'm okay with
this because I was kind of sucking his
flash anyway so I wanna I want a second
chance yeah
has Jack ever figured out character
abilities I don't think I've seen him
using that no that's the B button and I
am not super familiar with them and a
Batman has like little drones that he
uses every once a while but flash dude
just did something they're like I don't
know like I just used something I don't
necessarily know what it was or how it
helps me or anything though
they could help a lot of people are
given different names but the initial
step there's no clear answer whatever
the best one is that's the right one
shit
I'm totally wrong about the Sampson this
is only one s yeah well then it wouldn't
be the strength of Samson it would be V
that's the wisdom of Solomon and
strength of someone else either
Hercules they said well gonna be
Hercules or someone else saying it's the
aim for the strength of Atlas so shit
someone get on this then we don't know
what the H is for if that's true right
wisdom of Solomon strength of Hercules
stamina of Atlas power of Zeus courage
of Achilles speed of mercury
that's what somebody's saying I like it
no sound about right
you know what even if it's not true I
like it
the superpower how far did said hey it's
been a year since my first tip thanks
for saving you the hassle of creating a
fake news channel and tricking you into
interviewing and tricking you into an
interview just to find out your answers
to life's questions incognito says Jack
yeah you ever heard of the band
Charlie bliss Charlie bliss it's a
high-energy Weezer with a great female
vocalist check out their songs
percolator and black hole if you have
Charlie that sounds like exactly
something that I want to check out by
the way I'm gonna make a little note
here Weezer ask like you know do you
ever listen to the big moon they're a
Weezer esque band with with female
fronted vocals but they're like don't
know them they're like Australian and so
they just sound adorable
I'm gonna wait weird how do I um look up
stuff oh yeah here with Charlie bliss
check out this song's percolator and
black hole wait I know steal my sunshine
what yeah it could be a cover Dacus to
says hey Jack and rich look a percolator
happy Chinese New Year and the Chinese
tradition have some cash thank you
shit shit solomon grundy anonymous says
do you know if rock studies Arkham
Asylum is the sole reason why Harlequin
is transformed from an adorable 60s TV
style sidekick in Batman the Animated
Series to a mad goth Pixie dream girl or
was it congratulate I don't really know
what was going on with Harley in the
comics at that time but yeah I'd imagine
Arkham Asylum had a lot to do with it
but I don't know what was going on in
the comics back then none of us says do
motherfucking doom it up
shit up says hey guys I've been catching
up on all the streams this week I had to
stop watching the getting over it stream
because I was getting like I was
gritting my teeth every time Jack felt I
would absolutely believe that have you
played the game since I mean I flirted a
little bit but not not too much honestly
I didn't I didn't do any of it because I
have my super and I want to I but yeah I
played every once in a while I have it
on my phone which I actually prefer
really you blocked that might have
gotten rid of that I don't think I don't
think it looks right I forget why I made
the call to get rid of that never was a
big fan berry the berry just uh switch
signs yes very good had a face charming
yes a heel turn no heels when you become
evil faces when you become good oh it
has died I thought a heel turn is just
when you switch time no no no
specifically heel to heel turn is when
you become bad right because I know in
wrestling the heel as the bat is the bad
guy so when you are good and you turn
bad that is a heel turn yes yeah and
when you turn good it's a face - yes
unless thousands of wrestling fans are
going to angrily correctly 5 4 3 2 nope
you're dropping the knowledge you're
dropping it that's what that's what
they're saying
Oh
small small camera update i think the
footage is gonna enough talk I found I
found some settings that all that'll
have my two DSLRs mention quality
a bunch of passes I'm really excited
that smell oh why are you so useless
Barry Allen right Barry like you could
fix this whole thing right now by going
back in time I know that usually goes
bad but I'm really saving metropolis
from the atomic Joker apocalypse and
it's keeping Superman from turning into
a fascist yeah probably the time to
break out your time-traveling collars
you know like that's probably one of
those like use it sparingly situations
but
there would be no game that Barry uses
powers right that's so that's why I
can't read a flash comic I have to
imagine the whole experience why can't
you just do this why can't you just do
that
why should this ever be a problem yeah
you trap light Roxxon wagering any of it
wagering any of them I'm gonna use it on
you 25% help regen from that phone jack
he didn't yeah yeah it's all about to go
away now worth it run around the globe
real quick
over the last tip less about getting
over it and I only played it on a hook
yeah after the swing mm-hmm
not too much it's you know like it's a
tough fucking game and it submit to me
it's it's a really nice like that that's
been my go-to kind of bathroom
distraction does he play a little bit of
it and try to just try to get a little
bit further and then stop yeah and never
ever play it again
now to warn the insurgents that's cute
too bad your costume is ugly as fuck
yeah I want to check to see how much
this was on Steam will he defiled that
find out I brought it four years ago
damn steam sales I'm speaking of why I
got an I got a I got an email today with
like eleven games on your wish list so
they're having a giant Steam sale right
wasn't trying to so I have to beat him
up so I can prove to him that I'm his
friend now you just surrender huh
couldn't you just surrender yeah sure
you could but it's fighting game what
you going to play injustice to yeah
so why didn't you just throw the arrow
before it blew up
he's the flash yes powers are
inconsistent because you have to write
the flash stupid because he can't work
because people have to make mistakes or
else drama doesn't happen did we talk
about this with something recently like
people sometimes have to act
irrationally in order for drama to
happen
oh wow he kicked my ass green arrow
I hope you're having a wonderful day and
I hope you know that stupid Big O and
hit Jack I guess hi I'm here just like
Holmes did such a good Brainiac it made
me want him for the live-action movies
that's that's injustice to solve some of
the cutscenes man alright get away with
that Jeffrey Combs bring back and like
like most things he's in Jeffrey Combs
is play the difficult was great yeah but
you know with modern motion capture
technology and voiceover work easy
Jeffrey Combs is a is a possibility
though it's definitely not going to
happen because he's also not necessarily
a box office draw
gotcha
got you Oliver that's enough Ollie I'm
on your side I know I just kicked your
ass this is essentially just you play as
all the characters I hope right that's
guy that's gotta be the point and then
he's coming after your world there's
probably like I'm probably not gonna
play as Solomon Grundy I can't imagine
I'm gonna have a segment where I play as
Raven that's right just for the
side-to-side right you this is probably
you plays all the main is so far you
casual except for I have yet to play as
I don't think Luthor sacrificed himself
you might not because he's almost
certainly just going to be we final boss
unless the final boss does not reserve
Superman oh yeah that could be that
could be he's not like yours don't let
emotion cloud your judgment but should
the character wasn't been involved in
the story at all really be the one to
get to the final battle how is it
Superman spare to baby the appreciate is
my time like it really needs to be
alternate universe Batman doesn't it
maybe oh shit I wasn't paying attention
yeah but I'm Wonder Woman I can block
all these
you ain't got nothing on me bein what am
i doing what am i doing all of them all
of them mash mash
good thing I've been mashing the whole
game this is a fun fight Wonder Woman
vs. bane yeah that's something you
wouldn't see in a comic book cause it
would be over in about two seconds I've
been break you oh god stop it what are
you doing oh god I thought you were like
Batman's Tompa need her assistance I
thought you were just normal like Batman
god dammit I surrender I surrender take
out my balls I'm second oh that's okay I
don't know any of her powers but fuck my
steroids wait you're a what there we go
oh look at that
he breaks it back that's cute that's
cute
except for I am funder woman doctor lube
it up says any of you have either of you
heard of the all-new Shuri Kyo I'm
saying that to get your on I don't care
doomsday cult members of the cult loot
from Japan - Benjo warn station wait
look she calls it on other Amazon's to
come I am beat up this is great okay
sorry doomsday cult moved from Japan -
Benjo arms station in western australia
and experiments with sarin gas on sheep
fine question for gaming comedy string
yep yeah we know all those you know all
the latest on the Australian sheep death
cults the only the only Japanese fucked
up coat they know over the SOS guys so
this they were I think they were
Japanese - Japanese man can't be a
Christian you know what Touche but uh
III thought you meant Japanese as in
like a cultural cults versus a a
Christian thing but you know I take it
back
yeah I'd imagine there are the same cold
that released the gas in the subway
station I don't know that much about
that's great Oh what that's what says it
is an international cold which would
include Japan yeah I thought I was
thinking Japan as a culture not
necessarily a country or a race and so
that's why the that's why the it's fine
Jack it's fine everything's I'm giving
you shit I know
I understand why he was assumed I saw
pictures years ago about supposedly a
Christmas display in a Japanese mall
when they didn't quite get Santa Claus
because it was a Santa Claus decoration
hanging from a crucifix really yeah that
they know Christmas was some got a
Christian thing they didn't quite get it
so - sent on a cross oh that's great
actually everyone want to see that oh
shit oh then I want the shielding's I've
been using my rope like a fucking like a
chump and I can use my shield and sword
chump rich the goddamn Aries
dr. move it up says they then used the
sarin gas and attacks carried out on
Tokyo subways yep there you go the coat
was also rumored to have mined uranium
and experimented with nuclear weapons
all of these rumors are unproven yeah I
guess that is the cult I was thinking of
I heard about them this was years ago I
I don't understand how it's at all
relevant to anything that's going on
here right now did they've recently do
something yeah they're generally
terrible and I could agree with that but
wait oh you're invisible there we go I
didn't how about beating up this
supervillains dead but how about beating
up this fucking lovin I look Barry Barry
has a great super dupe where he runs
around the world to punch someone
I like hers because it's like it it goes
to that Batman level of ridiculous where
like she's in another dimension yet
she's still able to call Amazon Amazon's
into objective crap out of other people
and I just think that's a door I'm gonna
have my friends come picture my Amazon
warrior princess not yet
you hadn't brought me here
shocking isn't it the great amazon party
preparing to subjugate an entire
continent whoa how crazy I've only
someone were able to stop
why would you have me do that the
conflict will reenergize your magic in
the short term if Superman consolidates
his rule the conflict and fuels my
powers will cease permanently I would
thank you Ares but that would imply
you've done something selfless oh snap
we are never friends our interests align
temporarily Raven wander woman and fight
I don't know much about Ravens power
because I only know her from Teen Titans
go I only know her from the super
cartoony cartoon that might be enough
she's magic and she's the daughter of
the devil she's not like an alien she's
a demon yeah well she's the daughter of
like their version of this the devil the
super demon okay
Wow dammit as you can tell I've never
seen the Teen Titans poetry it's funny
kinda suck

[Part II]
all right I have better slappy strengths
and I've got a better slappy plan
where is it specifically I think it's
over here Oh No fuck's sake
magazine drinking which importantly
means I will no longer throw up when
drinking too much turned around I mean
it'd be good all right all right I don't
rich why don't you drink in real life
I'm I'm uncomfortable with with a
chemical altering my brain I'm very
uncomfortable with this
did I ever drink in the past no I never
felt the urge I don't really need the
leadership book
not really I'm gonna need the extra
firepower yeah we're DS bad to the
breaks
wait actually do kind of want the
leadership er
changing my mind why are people obsessed
with my not drinking to be fair it is
kind of weird in the grand scheme of
things
want this leadership book but there's
nothing I want to put down to get it
rather have the bat for this fight but
the bat was about to break near by the
punching the flaming the boxing gloves
the the best weapon I could think of to
grab than I I knew where the do the the
right ingredients were to make it
nope that's what I want
I know I'm trying to I know the boxing
glove and bowie knife is fairly good
pretty good for bosses it's so good for
bosses I'm trying to avoid using them
feel sorry for sloppy yeah kind of
he thinks he's killing the guy who
started the outbreak take a break my run
continues well I'm gonna yeah I took a
bathroom break at the very least
here we go here we go
nope
I missed
how'd that kill him last time how did he
kill me last time I i completely forgot
that you could stun lock him with the
jump kick strats I I clean forgot I went
and played around with the the game when
I went home after I failed I I reloaded
the same with slappy and I jumped kicked
him and he knocked and he fell down and
it just it just all fucking came back to
me alright you can jump kick slappy and
just keep him down I felt so stupid
after I remembered that
yeah we've already saved Jack in this
game
it's done
yes it's a dildo
whereas my foot so nervous because I
fiddle constantly and you know this
about me everyone knows this about me
and there
all right doing pretty good
I check time one more time oh I get it I
get it you pervs
side-missions available here alright
we're on top of everything
feels like I'm missing a Zombrex feels
like I grab the three in the casino sure
you could ask this lap but would you
ever consider playing Knights of the Old
Republic one or two I am just completely
not interested
burned out man not so much burned out
it's just I haven't I haven't liked all
Star Wars all that much since the late
90s what I ever consider playing
injustice to yes but I'd probably want
to play injustice one first
all right what are we what are we doing
what are we working on as well I may as
well do the little casino I mean a
little pawn shop quest thing
they get the combo card for money
sledgehammer ax I'd like to not build a
combo weapon unless I got the card for
it but if I don't get that ax thing soon
fuckin
I'm gonna need that later
yes the Defiler is the proper name of
the weapon I'm calling it the
sledgehammer axe I'm sorry I'm so
fucking sorry for your loss your
personal individual loss
I have no what I were to double check
maybe just went by it
Defiler pepper Hecker
hell-blade oh no why this is the driller
oh I do
oh okay sweet
pawnshop ever worth it I mean I'm here I
may as well unlock it yeah why not
plus I'm gonna read
and it shows up as a quest on there it
feels like something I should do and so
I did it
make it look easy make it look easy
alright I'm gonna take a potty break
I'll be back I will be back
so I grabbed some Chewbacca cheez-its
because I needed something to snack on
they they have little pictures of Star
Wars shits on the cheez-its
look at this
I have no idea if that showed up on
camera probably didn't but I had a
little picture of r2d2 on it it's
getting chroma keyed weird just wired a
few I thought you'd be interested in the
absurdity of Star Wars characters on a
chizel
well I tried all right I know didn't
show up I'm sorry I tried
okay they're stars there all right I'm
gonna killed I'm gonna kill time I'll
make it to file her and they'll grab
some more Zombrex for Katie and I got to
drop some of these books
what don't I need leadership
I don't need leadership I just don't
need it and that's the book that is
right yeah all right I can grab another
one if I need it okay good good good
there's no time to kill maybe a little
killer
Farah wounded Dead Rising 2 now I'd say
over half but not far over half we're
close to half
like anything coming up that I'm
dreading the poker match less so that
something could go wrong and more so
just I you could just run it a bad luck
I have little control whether or not I
run into some really bad luck
and then I can't save those three take
the pledge
all right yes did rising forests
absolute garbage
oh wait that's not what I need that's
what I did
whoops whoops
maps are good maps are good useful
things
sounds like the dudes who made Dead
Rising 4 or getting laid off maybe it
means good things for the French I mean
they're gonna stop making games in the
franchise is what it means franchise
dead
so no way to get downstairs into the
tunnels a wall I guess there isn't
oh that's behind there all right all
right
why are these women still working
yeah I leveled up that's what matters
man man we're the stairs back that way
directed to do do do do do do do this is
what I'm trying to find reason I came
down here so I could grab this am I
gonna watch the Olympics well if this
raid probably not tonight
what do we drop I guess the answer has
to be there
right on all right
and we're off
I really need one of these one of these
level ups to expand my pockets I need
bigger pockets recall saying this boss
being fought on stream probably you
probably haven't seen this boss fought
on stream
I'm farther than I've ever been on
stream
his weak spot is shooting him in the
crotch when he's taunting you
you may now kiss the bride
Oh shucks you and your one-liners when
something terrible happens to people
you're such a sociopath but you've got a
daughter
Chuck's fine Chuck rains fine you can by
the way after you beat him you can use
this chainsaw
unfortunately it sucks oh I feel dirty
I got nothing I got nothing else armored
with them so it's too early for the one
guy
I'm too early like Randy would have been
ah yeah wait four minutes for this guy
to show up cause the time of the casino
stick to me wait there
what did mean hit you
you go there
all right that's enough litter um I have
some uh shot all right all right
fuck you gotta be careful really close
to leveling up
wait there
no nobody has yet died on an escort
mission
whoo
it's impossible to be doing too good
who are you my name is rich Evans what
welcome
Oh Jackson the chat you're asking
previously recorded live who they were
yes jack is in the chat now apparently
hi jack what's up what's up man I'm
doing great
wicked
I know you guys are gonna hate this but
I'm gonna check my cheat sheet and make
sure I'm not missing anybody
I'm gonna use my cheat sheet
she's not there yet
all right
where are we at I just have a list here
of when survivors spawn and when they
asked for requests just cuz I really
don't want to fucking miss anything now
never got that call about Lynette why
why are not Lynette what's her name
though the one with the golf club you
don't know you've never seen it before I
know who it is though okay okay so
talking about thinking to myself why
don't you dress up the character cuz I
like looking silly Hey looking sillies
for nerds
your weapons break in this game yes
keep moving
all right the Flint around
I know looter zombies ever that's a good
question
you think you think a few of them would
have gotten taken down by the zombies
I'm going to talk to you I already
talked to you I know what you saying
goddamn toys no she's got her models
nope no Lenny isn't here yet
I found all the possible toys I'm only
missing one thing I can't get it to
later
we may as well do Stuart's scheme now
before you forget is that would be bad
those are mute this is our mutiny event
here
Stuart threatens to leave we just talked
him down it's no problem unless you
forget about it then it's a problem
excuse me
yes Stewart is always trying to ruin
things
there's something wrong with Stuart yeah
he he wants to he doesn't like you and
he's gonna leave with some other people
I haven't been reading I forgot why so I
got to convince him not to leave with
other people and get all those other
people killed because Stuart's and
dipshit
look up yes to is a greedy half cycle
that is that's pretty accurate yeah
can I just kill him I can't use weapons
in the safehouse
I wouldn't do it anyway come on
what happens if you don't talk to him he
leaves and he brings other survivors
with them and they count as being dead
and I will have failed in my attempt to
save everybody that's what I think
happens
I don't think Stewart's ever had
successfully had a mutiny I'm eight so
I'm assuming it's like the mutinies in
Dead Rising 1 which may be a mistake
did I get to slap yet oh I fucking tore
slappy apart I made slap you look like a
fucking joke
yeah
uh what do I need I need to go this way
yike yike
but you're you a full-time streamer I
wouldn't say full-time streamer mostly
I'm doing red letter media related stuff
I'm gonna like an hour to kill in this
game I'm gonna double-check make sure
I'm not missing something I understand
I've got too much time to kill man and
it feels weird no I'm I'm good I'm good
and half an hour ass not that much time
welljust will just get in the vicinity
of where we need to be how about that
psycho prep I think I'm good I think I'm
good
well I got four combo cards I don't I
don't have a great strategy for this
next two upcoming fight I think I tried
flamethrowers once I was underwhelmed
I'm gonna say we're good with what I got
what's the next fight you'll see you'll
see
about a half an hour in game time away
from it so I went from thinking I was
behind to killing time
hmm
hmm
probably
do I ever use the bees I may once or
twice they're not that useful in this
particular game
told you they weren't nice ladies
part is great for freedom bear hmm-hmm
never thought to try that particular
Strad I should be alright
this outbreak is killing thousands
people are dying
Oh
all right
no I don't want thank you no stop stop I
don't want to god damn it that was an
accident
so not a bad strap
quick-step
and painkiller nice combo for this fight
feels like I'm wasting health but I'm a
quick tank
quick-step is worn off
fuck
magic work
OOP well you only have to kill one of
them
you will never get out of here alive
Chuck we promise you that
picking up the drinking magazine was a
godsend said this battle is specifically
why I picked that up Chuck was actually
caring about someone dying and no one
lighter I know this game has gone off
the rails
Oh
what
got that drop that I want the fire
extinction
not anything you think we got everything
we need
I really should make some more help now
that's the quickest route probably left
what
how am i how am i I'm fine absolutely
fine
ah it's maddening
nope don't mean to do that
actually I already gave her one of these
bearers I'm doing something different
with this
we're not quite ready for this yet
yes
I'm gonna come back for I need to get
some health ready
Oh
okay okay
now we're off to our next boss fight
what difficulty is this as far as I know
this game doesn't have difficulty
settings I'm gonna try this freedom bear
here we'll see how this works probably
poorly
hey buddy I don't think there's anyone
there what's cheese castle the cheese
castle is a tourist trap right over the
Wisconsin border because Wisconsin
Wisconsin cheese place called the cheese
castle they go there they sell a bunch
cheese did you come over the border to
Wisconsin you think I want some of that
famous Wisconsin cheese look this place
called the cheese castle finds like the
same voice sound to a slappy probably is
it's a nice place the cheese castle I've
been in there Karen loves it every time
we go by Karen insist on stopping at the
cheese castle
oh it doesn't work
like you follow me I guess it makes
sense
and I made it look easy Chuck I'm trying
not to make the Wolverine gloves because
they're overpowered that's some
challenging myself my daughter
this one's special
all right
he's quickly run over here that's kind
of
did you get destroyed No
a spider-man spider-man's forever
arch-nemesis though truly is just Peter
Parker's social life yeah that is the
true villain martian manhunter can see
what that's all about how about a new
game well I want to see everybody's
super I want to see everybody's stupid
to do doesn't take a lot to impress me
yes but the big hand is funny
Oh oh he's like superpower is like stop
it
Deathstroke looks awful he looks better
in Arkham origins
look how does that work
bro - he can shape-shift his
shape-shifting is different from
expanding your mass to become a giant ah
you know it's just shape-shifting it's
all just different shapes get your ass
to Mars well I get your mass to Mars I'm
gonna go help Martian Manhunter gross I
think though I didn't know a superpower
was to become a giant and he's also got
brain powers at his shape-shifts he's a
weird one you know he is a weird
a lot of your powers there we go
rich can you ask Jack to stop getting
shot in the face by just oh thanks I won
I won that one I will try to stop
getting shot in the face by Deathstroke
but it's hard because he keeps shooting
me in the face you got a player badge
icon I wanna walk on all this great shit
for you which is this lets true form the
spiky head thing yeah okay alright who
else we got here who else do I need to
see the super-dee-duper of Oh bane cuz
you know what I'll be honest I just
don't care about killer frost but I do
want to see Bane super to do and Oh
would that we should be scorpion oh we
know you know what his soup D do do it
what is it this is classic one from the
game is that the good over here I think
this is a regular just his normal grab
yeah that was back back B I think does
he do another one where he rips his face
off and spits fire mmm you like a skull
it spits fire at your face we're gonna
be scorpion so we're gonna find out what
is fatality yes fatality was this goal
with the fire I think
you've ever be able to handle well sure
I know Harley Quinn's got fan armor just
wait until our fan armor that's a great
way of putting it
yes people love her so much that she has
to do well right yep that's cute
askew
Oh week gets too pretty deep back
how one could win a fight with vain it's
just not likely can you imagine the
Harlequin from Batman the Animated
Series winning the fight against babe by
accident maybe as part of a joke like I
didn't get to see you right like didn't
Batman just figure out how to beat Bane
in the animated series by like cutting
his tubes well yeah we're gonna retry
cuz we didn't get to see Bane super to
do
Harley block animated Bane was kind of
like yeah but really animated Harley was
just Joker's sidekick right so
animated vein was okay but not the huge
threat we should have only because it
came up at around the same time
nightfall was going on I'm kind of glad
that man the animated series didn't go
there Bain wasn't really an established
character when that show was going on he
was just the gimmick to break Batman's
back as part of a publicity stunt yeah
and I don't think Paul Dini or the rest
of the writing staff respected bang
that's her
but he was popular enough so there's a
dildo episode is the paint episode is
gone
there's your fanservice we're gonna go
back to characters we like yep some on
the chat trying to bait me blatantly and
sang the weakness of animated Batman was
his voice we needed to sound like the
Nolan Batman
obviously that's obviously that's a joke
so hit me some more hit me hit me
super goof oh shit shit oh no oh she
blocked my super dupe again man I just
want to see the super dude oh you know
we didn't check Harley's other costumes
to see if she gets Harley Quinn harlech
Harlequin Harley hold on let's look that
up you're such good things about Batman
animated and want to watch it but does
it take a while we're good or is it
great from the start it's arguably
better early on what for Batman the
Animated Series oh sure like like the
second season due to network pressure
that works more like super villainy kind
of stuff but first season of Batman it
wasn't always villain of the week
not always there's enough of that
so I'd say yeah I'd say actually better
early on different outfits cannot see
the different outfits look with the mr.
freeze episode is that a good starting
point for Batman the Animated Series I
mean that's a great episode that's a
great up go to the mr. freeze episode
the money first shows up there saying
you're in the wrong View mode aren't you
I don't know what that means
so like if I choose Harley alright so
you can choose different outfits and
then you press the a button for classic
skin okay but it doesn't change what she
looks like
right there maybe they consider that her
classic skin but it doesn't change wound
no matter what you choose
so we'll see we'll see okay you'll see
the costume in-game yeah but I want to
see it before so I know which one I'm
choosing dig oh yeah there it is classic
Harlequin Harley
help-help pick part of ice is the
episode while I wasn't sure a part of
ice was the first or second mr. freeze
episodes I don't mind I don't want to
just blurt it out great episode
Peter there we go Oh in the back fence
and says did it injustice is a bit like
Star Wars master of Terror
sign where Darth Vader could get beaten
up by a Tuscan Raider fun but
conceptually wrong for the source
material
I'm making a fighting game you need
balance it's fine
it's all fine it's fun it's you know
most of this is just about fanservice
it's just about like he want to play as
the character you like you want to fight
the character you like why does Bane
look like he's getting set to join me
he's Cirque de France right
he's a Luke this is his luchador a
outfit looks like he's about to go be a
bike messenger ha ha yeah yeah it looks
like he's about to do some power walking
can you do my bait I can do my baby boys
yeah wait does her outfit take damage or
does it just start that way for some
reason I don't think it started that way
I think it takes damage interesting very
I like it all right let's see is that
all of our characters that we care about
seeing the super to do forward we know a
Catwoman super dupe is I don't know
Lister cattleman
oh wait and we want to do scorpions -
that's right Catwoman's gonna beat up
Nightwing you keep saying scorpion and
there's comic books comic books I'm
thinking Marvel's spider-man villain the
scorpion oh yeah
how much money would they make without
Marvel vs. DC fighting game a million
billion dollars Marvel vs. Capcom is a
fun fighting game already sure mother
fucker
oh oh she it's like a dime are we ending
the stream when Jack is bored of this
game well probably you guys don't know
but we've been doing shit today there
ever a good GI Joe game I would be
shocked they didn't make a shitty Ness
game of that whole team there's a half
decent NES game oh really
but only half decent there are there
haven't been many good GI Joe games
oh no my laptop is we're starting on its
own time windows Thank You windows I
think I am done with tips for the night
owl we'll see how long this wants to
take doing restarting updating of the
update for your update configuring
configuring thank you for asking me
windows
oh come on
Nightwing Oh someone I Twitter's Batman
oh yes say I'm better than Batman see it
Sam better than ever had Dick Grayson
doesn't have that kind of a song Oh
Dick Grayson doesn't give a shit no no
that's more of a decorations to
laid-back that's more of it Timmy what
fucking planet Adam just gonna keep
moving along as a better that's a fair
question what did that change happen I'm
gonna say nineties no no second Robin
died mid-80s really yeah
but when did he come out is Nightwing is
that any work not even necessarily when
he came out his night but just one thing
he stopped being Robin mmm
we're saying mid-eighties but wasn't
wasn't Jason Todd already a thing by the
mid 80s mid 70s that sounds like it
should be more write to me you think
because yeah well you ever seen my twins
original costume oh yeah yeah everything
comically 70s oh I always pictured that
as a tease because didn't have the
mullet - I can't believe that costume
wasn't invented during disco habit the
mullet
I guess the mullet was around in the
eighties I just think of it as in the
seventies I just think of it as an
eighties thing Jason Todd died something
like 87 so he probably had to have been
around at least two years just to be
established before they go before
killing them off with feeling a big deal
I'm sure that's okay scorpion he's Robin
in the Teen Titans until the 80s until
84 when he shed the Robin name I can't
believe that original Nightwing costume
was a prior to the 1984 the collar alone
screams at least 77 no no no later than
77 just for the collar
also no one remembers there was a female
robber she was robbing for like a month
she was uh she was robbing in in dark
night right I wish it was that an
Huntress was robbing for a while there
enough spoiler spoiler he's robbing for
a while and then DC fridge her and then
they undid that because it just made
everyone feel ugly and then I don't know
what happened
but Dad I'm not gonna feel guilty for
spoiling a 15 year old comic book
oh the joy cook joke is her name is
spoiler are gonna spoil I had to fly
over my head
Green Lanterns super in this game needs
to be throwing fridges as enemies yeah
but it's only a one hit kill affair
female no you heard women in
refrigerators women in refrigerators
look it up it's a whole thing
it's a whole it's a whole thing I mean I
don't have time or really the desire to
get into it now that that's a great
ending shot right there it is it's a
great ending shot scorpion hovering over
the dead corpse of Superman it's I'm
gonna look it up I'm gonna look it up
and hey look we're done here oh nice
alright because that's a really nice
ending shot oh you're still 28% complete
if there are any more tips I'm sorry
I'll see him tomorrow we can't read
names though we got names
yeah names we got all sorts of names
Ordo minis oh I usually start by saying
what the names are I know everyone here
knows what the names are but you know
for it you have to treat the Stanley
rule you have to treat every episode
like it's someone's first okay okay this
is the point in the evening in which we
thank all the people who have subscribed
to us during this very stream much like
or no minis says look what I can do look
what I can do you did it for TK funky
tunes FPS Chesley beer coasters FPS
Chesley you know proper reading it
sounded out and I think I can do it sure
sure
beer coaster for 17 months in a row Val
5001 Daniel more 3d menopause says by
Jack's beard
where has the time gone yes it's a beard
now oh yeah no it's a full eye like I
finally I shaved again today you know my
head because we were filming and I was
like and we'll just we're gonna see what
happens we're gonna see how long I can
hold it out last time we met it was but
stubbled right but now now it's beard it
has crossed the line whose beard it's
still a little patchy but we're gonna
wear this really patchy we're gonna see
how it looks like shit could have told
me that before we film bentham 99
Clio means is ravenous 13 13 for 17
months in a row well is 42 for 16 months
in a row says good for me
good for you geeky ganger V for 17
months in a row stab me lasso so Wonder
Woman
stabby lasso no you know what that's
more scorpion yeah yes Jarl ballin
swagger craze 80 I think crazy 80
there's no one crazy crazy
8000 cuz he's capital crazy 80 I think
so crazy 80 yeah did you tip not make it
through oh it may have but the laptop
did not the laptop is bust or fide
where's the mouse
do you have it no describe oh I'm sorry
you the mouse no that's fair I did it
because you know I wanted it Tala knock
mr. Alex Reynolds her 17 months neurosis
gents one of the greatest
accomplishments of my life was getting
my friend Emily hooked on rlm if you
could give her Big Ups and mad props I'd
really appreciate it a big ups Emily I
don't know if you could hear that Jack
Jack gave you mad props he did it off
camera so you know dude wheedle
hagglunds scum
I'll roll them around reborn I'm gonna
read one more I know you didn't abandon
me because I could see her over there
messing around with shit porn Mogo is
that is that porno goers at porn I'll go
I my I have poor Mogo what you think
there's only one old huh okay you think
it's an art on it in yeah I didn't say
that
poor mogo's hey guys love the stream is
there any chance either of you will be
participating in the 48 hour film
festival I think I've been there done
that it's understandable if you don't
have the time anymore
but I actually got into you guys with
your shirts you know they're fun to do
but it's a lot and we we mate we just
make other stuff you know
no that's it's like a 48 hour film
festival every single gosh dang it I'm
trying to get stream tip up on my laptop
don't worry about what I'm doing because
I see people are tipping and I don't
want the tip stick no I know
unnoticed I'm tomahto
pew-pew exploding vermin the red epic
Irish been 36 who says had fun watching
the Dead Rising 2 no death run rich
blood-borne next I'd never be able to
pull that off I'm not that good I'm not
that good
I'll probably do another no death run at
some point probably gonna be a shorter
game probably gonna be a shorter game
sure not a chicken nugget
no spam tourney Mac
sinnerman for 19 months in a row
uncool eight-man yellow is a flavor says
would love to see a Space Quest 3
streams sometime any chance that's on
the radar thanks much for the many hours
of entertainment lots of things are on
the radar I wouldn't necessarily say
it's happening anytime soon also um we
don't have any new tips you know he's
tired and sad Star Wars is a bit like
Terra kasi where a death fader could get
beat let me see those skips um maybe an
accident let me let me take a look I
read a lot you can read the rest of all
I'm good digging through those I think
you read all of those I'm pretty sure
you know we like the the Space Quest
games I'd love to play Space Quest 3
absolutely on the radar medic one one
four seven soap Chris 34 bong Oh Duke
for 41 motherfucking months in a row who
says 41 I'm gonna cum
ice bone badger for 40 less pure class
pure glass sorry go on
ice bone badger for 42 motherfucking
months in a row and MC Lucas for 44
motherfucking months in a row and
Jacobean corrected its bong bong oh dude
