Apr 16, 2018
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/253564859
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZiUbDbm21c
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/985881612855513088

can you guys hear me okay
okay i just lost
I just lost my link hello everybody
welcome welcome welcome to the stream
yes sure can sounds good audio good I'm
not going to do the master the the sword
challenge I think I'm gonna go do the
the ballads of the champion Ballad of
the champion what am i doing streaming
at this hour its morning time this is
actually my favorite time of the day the
children are gone rich Evans is tucked
away in his bed and I just get to have
some coffee some grapefruit juice and
stream so first time managing catching
you live great thanks doctor feels good
welcome welcome to the stream we had to
cancel last night because of the
ridiculous amount of snow there was so
much snow and we had to cancel and I'm
really sorry about that but I had a free
morning and I was probably just gonna
play Zelda anyway so might as well play
it with you guys this is the outfit I'm
rocking at the moment bunny mask warrior
pants sax I'm streaming you see what who
am I seeing drop shadows on the text you
are you should be I don't know why are
you guys putting your safety at risk to
bring us free entertainment exactly that
the the snow took everyone by surprise
yesterday they the streets were not
plowed the streets by riches place he
said he couldn't he couldn't even leave
his place I had trouble getting out of
my street so we just said fuck it but
I'm here now so we're here now the
weather is crazy gyro friendly stream ok
so we have a couple things we can do we
have a couple things we can do I can
either go right towards the the Ballad
of the champions DLC which I have ready
to go.you I don't know if you can tell
here but I have I have this making any
noise for you I don't know if this is
making any noise for me we can either go
right do the The Ballad of the champion
DLC or I can do treasure hunting which
is what I've been doing I've been uh
noises being made great
I've been doing some treasure hunting I
just got actually soap nuts that's not
right I just got I just got what did I
just get oh I just got the Ganon
complete outfit this is awesome
it turns it's a sneaky outfit it's the
sneaky Ganon outfit awesome awesome
awesome outfit DLC well it's all DLC and
so we can either go treasure hunting for
some of the DLC like I just got the
hints for for the tingle for the tingle
outfit which i think is the fairy
clothes here hidden in the ruins of
Highwood field so we could we could
either go treasure hunting or we go to
the balance either either way it sounds
like people want to see the balance okay
no problem we will do that let me get my
I got in my Wind Waker shirt too which I
love let me go get my my good outfit
back on again that's pretty good
I'm pretty happy with that I love my
Wind Waker outfit it's too early for
tingles ear right how much does the DLC
cost you get both DLC packs I think for
20 bucks now the the Master Quest DLC
and the balance of the champions for
about 20 bucks
and supposedly Moses supposes his toeses
erroneously adds several several hours
of content here's a here's phantom we're
gonna get on phantom here we got our yes
this is a euro friendly stream we are
here euro friendly streaming or one out
for your homie cobalt poor cobalt was
not many I was so excited yesterday I
caught just on a whim I went up to the
the glowy mountain where all the glowy
rabbits are and the Lord of the mountain
was up there the ghost horse I don't
know if you guys have ever gotten the
ghost horse but you can actually tame
the ghost horse which was awesome and
and I got him all the way to a I got him
all the way to a stable and you can't
register the ghost horse they refused to
register to go to stores and I was
really upset about that there is there
is a fucking was a spirit horse maybe
not a ghost doors he's a spirit horse
and he has the spirit horse has infinite
yachts and so you can just fucking tear
ass
where am I going oh you know what
actually did I did just assume the ghost
horse gender absolutely absolutely
that's that's a you know that's social
constructs hard hard too hard to get rid
of what are you gonna do okay so I need
to go back to the do I need to go back
to I need to go back to the shrine of
Resurrection to start the champions
valid DLC infinite Yas Queen right
fucking right I was talking to someone
the other day I was not gonna someone
the other day about I mean I starting to
replay this and they were actually just
playing breath of the wild for the first
time and they are not having a good time
there they're not enjoying the game
what's what's what's going on with your
brain you know I think it's in replaying
and I think it's even more perfect here
than I thought when I played it the
first time I mean I'm talking to this
person and they just don't they're
they're not they said they're they
weren't really into like all the puzzles
and they're getting frustrated by the
bosses and they're getting frustrated by
the weapon breaking and I was like well
why don't you just leave and do
something else because that's that's the
the joy of the game is you can just stop
if something's frustrating you you can
just stop and go somewhere else
and like by the end of the night they
were just like yeah you know maybe I'm
just not into video games and
which is sad I think I need to put it
here again to get the is it weird that
I've been playing this game so far
without all the UI sans the hearts no
that's not weird
that's not weird at all
oh shit I should have been reading that
I got it who dad what's that
look at that thing
take hold of the perv right provided
weapon to begin the challenge but you
know you don't need all the UI I do
I like the wear on this side I like the
weather where the weather gauge I like
the weather gauge because then I get to
pre-plan some stuff I turn off the the
shrine thing often just because it beeps
and gets annoying and the weather gauge
you don't really know you know if you're
cold or not button this this is the
sneaky gauge right there that's the
sneaker gauge ER and you barely ever use
this little mini-map thing so I have not
done this before I have not done this
DLC before this is my first time I don't
even know what this thing is I'm excited
to play the DLC
what are you doing what did it do
I am mozz Kashia I now address the one
who wishes to master a divine beast to
undertake this task requires unwavering
dedication that weapon defeats foes with
one hit however the reverse is also true
as its wielder will also fall from a
single hit you can use this weapons
ability only twice within a set period
of time only when it is glowing when
enough time passes the weapon will
regain his Sheen along with its power
that's 4 mark locations within the great
plateau defeat all monsters present to
prove your power yet
what's going on with hack bot there is
definitely a stream going on oh you know
what I forgot I forgot something hack
bot this is my fault I'm so sorry I
forgot to turn on the swatch er oh I am
in so much trouble
I am in so much trouble hack but I think
hack bot only works if I have the twat
connected and I didn't have it
I'm sorry beefcake I know I know I know
it's my fault
it's absolutely my fault let's see if
anyone subscribed the audio for what me
or the game is really low because I can
turn either up did anyone subscribe
cynical cynically depressed ape thank
you for subscribing I really appreciate
it who else who else what we got here -
Dax subscribed for 39 motherfucking
months in Marana thank you we really
appreciate that I'm just scrolling up in
the chat here grazed one deer just
subscribed thank you graze one deer wren
Jimba who has subscribed to us for 18
months in a row thank you and i think is
that everyone that is everyone I'm very
sorry for not having the tour up but but
it's all good now we got to torture
audio is good I can turn like the game
audio up just a just a scooch there jack
and game audio are good good alright I
got the one-hit obliterator and that's
it that's the only weapon I can use oh I
can use shields though so that's nice
the one hit obliterate our
I feel like this needs to be shirtless
she would do bunny mask or should we do
should we do maskless bunny mask seems
to work alright great listening to Jack
talk by himself makes me realize that he
sounds a lot like Will Forte maybe Jack
you should call this dream coffee breath
of the wild yes that would have been a
fine option you are correct Dan male oh
no no one has the Oh Fong as John Wong
up there this is crazy I get I get
beaten one hit I beat all the other
enemies in one in which means we got to
play smart page 43 you need clothes I
don't need well in case it gets cold if
it gets cold up put clothes on oh man go
guys
get faust and apparently get faust on
DVD because that's the Unrated version
if you are a fan of re-animator and/or
from beyond get yourself some
motherfucking Faust I guess I'll go do
this one first
Foust wasn't great fuck that hologram
man was alright that was alright but it
had nothing on Faust and you know
unfortunately like blood Street blood
Street while a decent bad movie I
wouldn't I wouldn't call that like a
crowd-pleaser
bad movie that's that's is like
specialty so if you're planning a bad
movie night don't look to blood stream
because it mean it's bad but I don't
know if it's crowd-pleasing bad you more
have to be aware these bonds I cannot I
cannot use my bones an arrow alright
here it is here's our first challenge
defeat all the enemies I can use my can
use my my powers so that's good
nope you don't see nothing you don't see
nothing
what
oh my god am I gonna get fucked by birds
by Keisha's fucking birds fucking Birds
is Zelda worth the price of admission
for a switch I will say yes because
there's also enough other games there's
enough other games to make it worth it
but breath of the wild is absolutely
amazing in my opinion I think it's great
I think it's great I think it's uh
there's also enough games
switches a shit ton of games at the
moment
Hey
what what I thought I had the one hit
obliterator here one two switches of
consoles well are they the you know
there's so many fantastic games for the
switch right now breath of the wild
though is the the thing to play only
when it glows it's got a charge damn it
he need to bomb scum that's basically
what it's looking like yeah couldn't
find two tax games oh happy tax day
everybody I'm sure you know we could do
like papers please some sort of tax
based game make sure you get all that
shit filed away guys next time
bombs come by fucking birds fucking
Birds what the fuck was that
get out of here everything's gonna be
fine
maybe uh maybe I got to warm up maybe I
got a woman it's gonna be great
finally got a ps4 in blood-borne what
are some other games for the ps4 I've
really really enjoyed horizon zero dawn
so if you're looking for
when did the hell that become a Souls
born game the from software has stated
several times that they took a lot of
inspiration from their games from the
early Zelda games and so it's one of
those you know the the original Zelda
game gave us the souls born game gave us
this new Zelda game it's feeding off of
each other it's feeding off of each
other
that's right la if you if you think back
to the the original NES Zelda it's a lot
like Dark Souls if you die I think
there's a lot of that here's here's
what's gonna happen here's here's what
here's what we're gonna do here's what
we're gonna do okay so uh BIOS oh by the
way let's stick on one topic at a time
here if you have a ps4 you get horizon
zero dawn if you don't have a PC rocket
League is great there there's there's a
million games that are also on PC that
are on the ps4 that play great
guacamelee there's there's a bazillion
of them but obviously blood-borne so I
think I think what you have here is a
really great situation of
you know escalation how do I stop the
trial
can you stop once you start the trial do
you have to do it until it's over
shovel knight shell only it's great but
it's on everything now yeah a lot of
people like that Mad Max game but I
think it looked a little boring can't
yeah my question is can I put this away
and just go back it said leave the
platitude to stop the trope plateau
which is not the trial thank you great
I'm gonna get out of the plateau and I'm
gonna warm up by doing a little treasure
hunting that's my plan
cuz I just started playing it's in the
morning and I'm just not quite in the
zelda zone yet in the Zelda place shit
see like I'm not even paying attention
to my stamina shit is getting real
that Maxine little tip of the Warner
Brothers games that's that's what I just
keep on what I hear over and over again
is that Mad Max is gets repetitive and
boring so but but if you got a ps4 I
really recommend horizon zero dawn even
though horizon zero dawn also gets a
little repetitive sometimes really
really amazing dino combat I would
fucking loved every time you ran across
a giant dinosaur and just decided to
take Dino comment we're gonna get off
this plateau
and get right out for this fucking
Plateau
pardon me
Rachel likes Mad Max but will also be
the first to agree that Mad Max got a
little boring I'm getting a Red Ranger
I'm getting a little hyped for
spider-man it looks it looks pretty good
from what I've seen I can I get my
fucking hearts back yeah I know I got to
get better at sneakin but I just got to
get back in the zone gotta get back in
the AutoZone you know all right so let's
do a little treasure hunting while we
while we wait to to level up and I have
let's see here
let's look for tingle stuff because
that's right here in Hyrule Field at the
ruins were trade flourished at the ruins
where sinners were imprisoned at the
village ruins next to farmland where
many people once gathered Hyrule Field
here
we got some ranch ruins that's probably
something Garowe here we go hyrule
garrison ruins that's where we are gonna
head to the garrison ruins that's
definitely one of them let's get let's
get my horse over here
a phantom rock-and-roll we're going to
the garrison I'm stuck at the orphan of
costs oh that orphan man that orphan of
costs it will fuck your day absolutely
without a doubt the blood borne DLC you
know much like a lot of this DLC is kind
of cosmetic stuff like this bunny mask I
got on and it's just kind of general
treasure hunting but there is the trial
of the sword and there is this Ballad of
the champions stuff where it just it
just adds just adds hours adds shit and
I've been I've been really digging all
of the treasure hunting
it seems really stupid but you know just
like I wanted that though that Gannon
said all began in outfits and I spent an
afternoon just trying to find it and you
know you have to find journals within
the game and then those journals give
you clues as to where they are and so
it's it's a fun little treasure hunt an
adventure
the Zelda DLC easily added 30 hours and
that's nice that's that's the hope
that's that's the hope with DLC I know a
lot of people are jaded on the idea of
DLC but to me that's the hope is just
bonus time playing the game right here
somewhere in here let's see how good my
parry is you're dinking I could just hit
him with a with a special arrow button
we're gonna try to parry him
hey we're really
the trial a sword looks interesting if
you do if you can so the trial sword
what it is is it's basically you start
with nothing there we go
honey shields done fire everything's
fine
oh I thought probably gonna die
there we go
boom did you know the motorcycle has
durability what fuck that eat some food
here put shirt on you goofed no I like
it I like it
James L Cameron says all DLC should be
content they came up with after making a
great game I'm always skeptical if it
comes out too soon after release I know
that's that's usually riches - hints to
you know just assuming that this is
stuff that could have put in the game
and decided not to I to make a and
there's that's kind of the problem is
there's no real way to know there's no
real way to know the motorcycle has gas
not durability okay that's important to
know
all right so somewhere in these ruins is
going to be shit
Oh Karen handle my shit do you need to
wear any special armor or accessories to
deflect laser fields no and like if you
notice Mike my shield is badly damaged
so deflecting doesn't even like doesn't
even do too much damage on your shield
you can be any fucking shield and
obviously like I'm wearing a bunny mask
and I'm shirtless one of the one of the
great things one of the the very souls
born thing about breath of the wild is
how easy it is to deal with some of the
enemies once you know how they operate
and like those guys you just have to get
the timing of the D flex right and
there's nothing you can go and farm all
of those ancient materials and and just
be set and be set which is again why I
really I think like though those those
centuries those centuries terrified me
during my first playthrough and then you
know I got I got the I got the what are
they these the ancient arrows which can
kill them in one head which are great
and I worked really hard for that but
then you know eventually run out of
arrows because those are really
expensive I don't like the speeders
those are really expensive so you run
out of that and you just figure out the
whole shield reflect thing it's right
we're looking for a tingle outfit that's
what that's what we're doing here
today we are looking for the tingle
outfit my Magnum esis usually usually
these are like these treasure chests are
hidden and so you need your you know the
cheese is you use your mag neices and
then they glow because they're like
buried around here okay you're probably
gonna see some Chokin as I use my as I
use my bag nieces this is usually one
breath in the wild starts to drop
something I didn't know something I just
found out recently when rich was playing
is that you can search these down guys
to get ancient parts leaving the
garrison ruins treasure hunting but of
course it's raining now
hey kaleidoscopic good morning yes it's
a morning stream I felt very bad about
not streaming last night though that was
the correct call because the weather was
horrible the the snow that we got was so
heavy and wet that I was using my snow
blower even and and I had to stop every
two seconds just to clear out the the
mechanism try spinning that's a good
trick I don't think it's working how do
I feel about oh I couldn't Superbird
jump but it's about to stop raining so
I'm just gonna wait how do I feel about
the DLC so far I like it I I've been
having the best time just replaying the
game and treasure hunting like what like
what I'm doing now where you know all
I'm doing is I want the fairy clothes
and it says here at the ruins where
sinners were imprisoned in Hyrule Field
and so I'm assuming that's what a
garrison is right maybe I'm wrong Quarry
ruins I thought that's what a garrison
was like a is a garrison a like a
military prison I assumed maybe I'm
wrong though maybe I'm wrong I don't
know
garrison is where they keep weapons Oh
No okay well say by the way then I'm
barking up the wrong field I'm barking
up the wrong ruins sacred crown ruins
quarry ruins it's in Hyrule Field we
know that he's castle town west castle
town quarry ruins soldiers stay in a
garrison okay I'm wrong hold on what
does the other what does the other clue
say the other clue says at the village
ruins next to farmland where many people
once gathered I would assume that would
be the ranch ruins Ranch is a farm let's
go check over there let's get it let's
get our horse back
phantom oh wait you know what I'm just
gonna climb this now anyway because
probably some valleys probably just a
cold root or nothing nothing which is
the other great part you say well
there's a tower in the middle of the
field there has to be something up there
nope we're gonna head over to the ranch
and see if anything's open the ranch
come on fend them off we go
ranch no this way phantom cuz I'm on my
horse I'm gonna deal with him pretty
straightforward
I just didn't want him to spook my horse
and I've obviously proven myself as
someone who's able to reflect so yeah I
don't I did one fan seem to be killed
because I've grown quite attached to my
horse though apparently Ganon's horse is
the thing in the game which is another
thing I didn't know about and if I find
gamma source wake up dickheads oh man we
were so worried when we started watching
Faust because you know we've we've had
disappointments with movies we bought
from trailers before and it starts off
but then the metal music starts and it's
the curse of the Faust and it's great
nothing you ain't got nothing like stuck
on a tree or something oh shit you're
stuck in a tree boom ain't got nothing
of course
what are you doing what are you doing I
was even doing that stop it fucking
whores dickhead hey come here
what is he doing
deal with it maybe use my it might keep
us grace can you believe it can you
believe this shit that's happening know
Faust isn't cringy it's just bizarre
I agree quarter dime oh I gotta go all
the way back to the fucking Garris ah
fucking fuck fucking heck fuck it's not
cringy it's just weird like I like I
said something that got cut out of the
Faust discussion is you know we were
kind of we were discussing why they
chose that actor for Faust because he is
very wrong for Faust his goofy bases are
so over the top is is it's it's
ridiculous and you know especially with
these serious dark tone that they are
trying to that they are trying to
achieve with Faust it's it's very
strange
if we can take care of him with one
arrow this time it's not gonna see me
all right I'll take it I'll take it and
my theory my personal theory as to why
that shows that actor is because they
were thinking in terms of comic books
and he does have like a still shot of
his face
angry would be something that a comic
book artist would draw on so they were
probably just thinking oh like that's
the face like we're gonna get the panel
we're gonna get the panel from the comic
books and yeah yeah we're not dealing
with any of your dickhead er II this
time yet
fuck get it
get fucking nice
great fun
deal with it
fucking fuck fuck get fucked get fucked
all the fucked you get it alright you
know what I'm feeling a lot better I'm
feeling a lot better about this run
anyway how about that now where's that
other there's another dickhead on a
horse right the area is I see him I
fucking see him get off your horse for
some reason when they're on their horse
they aim they aim like there's no
tomorrow get fucked
ah so anyway where are we oh another
fucking Gyges clan is coming
your bananas okay so what's happening
guys I think whoever made file should be
sending a cease and desist to todd
mcfarlane it's it's one of those things
where apparently were like this is
something we didn't know the Faust comic
book has been around for quite some time
I don't know when they made the spawn
movie the first comic was before spawn
but then the spawn movie probably came
out and this was of course during the
the big comic book movie the the first
comic book movie booing aka The awkward
years I am doing a very close thank you
at the village ruins next to a farmland
oh okay so this nut it's not even at the
farm line it's at the village next to
the farmland no problem we're honest
we're gonna get ourselves some tingle
we're gonna get tingle I wonder if the
comic also had a womb destroying dad
rape that was so much that was so much
to deal with that the that her clever
trick was haha my womb is destroyed
gotcha Satan
it was great
got you Satan oh no I'm still the Ranger
runs you gotta go over to the village
rooms I give you guys credit credit for
even discussing that honestly well
because it was so fucking weird man that
was just how do you know how did not
talk about something like that bizarre
in a movie settle down Bentham hi-ho
phantom I'm with riches face it it's but
it really is it really is a beautiful
movie Faust
I hope we're giving it due credit it is
so very very bizarre and I know everyone
feels that comic book movie fatigue now
it is and this is the exactly the kind
of thing we're just like what
the whole human skin device from
hologram an reminds me of the teaser
trailer tutitu Judgment Day what it
really turns into is kind of like
Mission Impossible
- if anyone remembered like Mission
Impossible 1 the Tom Cruise movie where
you know he does the clever face trick
reveal thing and then in Mission
Impossible to fucking everyone is just
pulling faces off because that was the
cool thing for Mission Impossible 1 oh
hey there it is you got COO it got goofy
into like it was that it was the big the
big clever trick in one and then it got
just goofy into just everyone ripping
face off tinkle tights got ourselves
some tingle tight yeah
oh we're putting those on now now we got
an outfit alright if I found the tingle
tights everyone don't worry alright if
the ruins were trade flourished and at
the ruins were sinners were imprisoned
also like we're trade flourished would
probably be just the castle town I would
assume and then we have to see if we can
find like a prison I hope Phantom
keep in mind Faust is an old story
before I became a Sherlock ah yes yeah I
mean everyone knows like the ancient
tale of Faust but that's not very
marketable there's are nonsensical fight
scenes in super slow motion thanks John
I'm gonna I'm gonna give John a little
bit of slack though because you know he
had some restraint with his slow-mo and
it was new and cool it's not Zack Snyder
the the Zack Snyder slow down speed up
malarkey
oh there's a fucking Liga clan dickhead
I'm out here get right out of town
get real Yaga clan shields I'm running
ask you they only have five heal maybe I
have I have uh I suppose I should I have
a tifa's grace or whatever that one's
called when you when you defeat the the
the elephant beast you get you get the
full heal when you die plus bonus hearts
but yeah that's kind of an emergency
oops so many chefs okay let's go - lets
go to Hyrule town look for some tingle
you know what phantom I think I'm gonna
leave you here because I see
nope is the timing different with these
guys I don't know
here we go
there we go
everything's fine i unboard it get good
I do need to get good all right you know
I don't even know if I explored in here
my first time through to be completely
honest with you which is another benefit
of the of the DLC is it just forces you
to go places that you might not have
gone okay so we want to somewhat order
trade flourished it's just got to be
right in the center of town right or
trade flourished
I saw that our lee ermey died the most
famous for playing drill sergeants was a
real-life drill sergeant apparently what
he was the he was a real-life a drill
sergeant and the the person who was
hired to consult for Full Metal Jacket
and and I just found that they liked him
a lot better
right store and Superboy
which is a shame and you know of course
even because he was a dress argent he
did get typecast in that role but yeah
it seemed like it seemed like an all
right dude
I would assume that this is where trade
flourished in the ruins of Irish field
at the ruins were trade flourished were
trade flourished
where would trade flourish definitely
here right well we'll see well just
where do you get those bunny ears these
bunny ears were a part of another
treasure hunt with the DLC merchants
hood this one the the merchants hood is
is the bunny helmet which I just find
very funny
the bunny helmet actually does something
I forget what it is it has a benefit
which is let's see here
wearing it increases your sideways
climbing speed you never really need it
I just think it looks silly so I like it
but if you want your sideways climbing
speed increased then you got it so yeah
we're just kind of looking for buried
treasure over here cuz I mean I'm
assuming that of the ruin were trade
flourished would be kind of main main
down downtown Hyrule right
that's where we is although all the
treasure chests for the DLC will have
what will have an EXO exchanger there
there's something called exchange ruins
this a real thing garrison gatepost town
ruins east post ruins colosseo Colosseum
ruins but it's gonna be somewhere in
Hyrule Field somewhere in here
why do we get
and I the other thing is I have also
been trying to do all of these without
looking it up you know trying to only
use the clues given to me within the
game which can't have its drawbacks
swamp I spent so long
there was a her for one of them it said
go to go to the river that looks like a
dragon which is this river which looks
like a dragon and then it said in the
right hand of the Dragon is a treasure
and so I read that very literally as or
I read it like figuratively is okay if
this is the dragon maybe like one of
these areas is the right hand of the
dragon and so I was just searching
endlessly around here when in fact right
here at the mouth of the dragon there is
a dragon statue with a fucking right
hand to it so you know I got a little I
got a little too figurative with it you
are so early is it morning for you it is
it's it's 11 o'clock in the morning for
me so
it is 11 o'clock in the morning a
glorious morning I don't see anything
called exchange ruins though so I think
you might be fucking with me a little
bit Giants forest well what are you
forests of time outpost ruins east post
ruins I am a morning person I'm a big
morning person I used to be like I used
to be the kind of person that would get
up at my first the first time my alarm
went off I would get up raring to go
I've settled down a little bit now
thanks to thanks to my wife who she
taught me about something called us news
but which has ruined my life a KA the
first time you fail in the day that's
all if snooze button is it's just that's
the first time you give up every morning
never mind
I know I said I wanted to get up at 6:30
but what I really meant
really man with 645 hey wake up
area
I've been trying to get back on the
whole
get back on the hole he's sitting along
for a certain time and then you get
because that's how I used to have one of
these I'd like to get up man Groundhogs
Day is it the greatest movie or is it
the best movie that's something that
will confound scholars for ages whether
or not Groundhog's Day is the greatest
movie or just the best movie are there
normally this many robots in Zelda game
no no they're not these these centuries
were you know as far as these story goes
they were initially resurrected to help
defeat Ganon but Ganon's evil presence
took them over and so now they're
fighting you
searching around for treasure
doot-doot-doot they would train take the
centuries are the centuries are
centuries old yes he did it
this is fucking cool look at this thing
the garden ground hogs day have you
heard the calculations establishing how
many years Bill Murray was trapped no no
I are I think we talked about this once
where you know someone speculated was
like hundreds of years right I get rid
of a bow
what's up there I'll try not like I was
trying to pitch it I was talking about
that the buddy of mine who was playing
his game and and it was not having a
very good time playing this game and I
was just trying to pitch it and and I
was trying to ten thousand years so
anyway I was trying to pitch this game
to him and I was just like it's like you
know that thing in video games where you
know where your objective is your
objective is right in front of you know
all you have to do is walk down that
hallway to get to your objective but
then you decide to walk down every other
hallway first just to see if there's any
shit there I was like that's the whole
game and he said yeah you know usually I
just go do the objective and I don't
worry about the other stuff and I said
oh you know maybe you're just not into
video games anymore like I don't want to
I don't want to gate keep anyone
he reads one page a day as a library
some interviews with people in fall says
it's around 80 years it's interesting
it's very interesting
some people need to be gay cap no no I
you know like he's the same person he
enjoys kind of like the he enjoys the
story of games and he just wants to sit
and enjoy the story and not have to
worry too much about the challenge and
that's I'm trying to be comfortable with
he's just a different kind of player
than me he's the kind of player that
would like something like the last of us
were that you know the gameplay is not
super involved but the story is really
good and you know that's not the type of
player I am but that doesn't mean that I
should do you know judge climb this I'm
pretty sure I'm barking up the wrong
everyone has different days I know and
yeah I'm trying to I'm trying to you
know better myself as a person but I
just say you know if that's the type of
games even join it that's fine then you
know Zelda might not be for you it's
really tough for me because I think that
Zelda music I think Zelda's I got our
masterpiece
why do you not use bombs to fight lesser
enemies it really helps with weapon
durability just cuz I forget and I'm an
old stubborn bastard
I'm an old stubborn bastard and to me
Zelda's about affords Zelda's all about
Ford's
and over there what am I missing here
what am I missing here Chad I mean I'm
definitely missing something
right definitely missing something hey
yep knocks how's it going I looked at
the map you're looking in the wrong
place oh I know I feel like I am but I
also can't find the place I'm supposed
to be looking which is very infuriating
central square it's just right around
maybe that's my problem I'm just gonna
get back on the horse and ride around a
bit I think some things don't show up on
your map until you actually like get
close to them
I like sometimes fakes words are funnier
than real swears and my horse ad on the
front to back comb the desert need to
zoom the map quarry ruins okay I'm
assuming I'm zooming the map hold on
we're gonna do a quick sweep with the
map zoomed this is as far as it zooms
tree stump calcium ruins right
it's up here what's over here
there's no call there is a call horse
button there's a gate post town ruins
okay I knew that existed see like this
these ruins aren't labeled I think I
need to go there I think that's my
problem
just easy go through my shields name
won't be there but you should see the
shape I want you to go faster so you
don't get shot by a giant fucking laser
horse there's a shape of a ruin that was
over like these ruins don't have a name
I should go check those out and then
there was another one over the road
go check out that water runs hi rich
with the Dragon Tattoo welcome welcome
to my early-morning stream where we are
trying we're trying to find the tingle
outfit at this moment I tried the
palette of Champions and died horribly
and was a huge failure so now we're just
gonna go $14 we are go for but maybe I'm
thinking that if we get close to it like
the name appears oh it does Sayed you
see this is my problem is now it's
labeled the sage temple ruins so I got a
fucking game this game is great this
game is fucking great is its in order to
get the name on your map you actually
have to go there fucking let's hey let's
encourage exploration
beautiful so now I need to find the
other ruins that don't have a name with
them like these here see what those
wrongs are okay great
fucking great
I'm getting excited I get very excitable
about this game yes and I'm not ashamed
of that I'm not ashamed to be excited
because it's great see here's some more
shit are you
sure you you're not a town or anything
just a thing that's here with me now
you did congratulations you did like a
horse go now but why don't you have a
name ruins who are over here are the
ancient robots powered by jazz piano
that you know obviously like I have a
handful of complaints about this game
and I know there there are people who
will argue that they love the score and
they love the minimalistic elements and
I understand why they want to make the
score minimalistic but I hate it I hate
that stupid plinky excuse me I heard
that stupid plinky piano it bothers me
every time I hear it I think it's dumb I
think it's just the worst
but hey write it like right now he hates
playing know I hate plinky plinky review
plinky plinky reviews now plinky piano
this is the garrison the garrison which
is it has bars on the windows I just I
want that epic music I want I want that
epic adventure music which I know is
like sometimes you're not on an epic
adventure ah exchange ruins we did it we
did it
yes fucking do you look your scalp and
nonsense right now we did it
so whoever mentioned the exchange ruins
was correct I just didn't have the name
unlocked yet great which is let you know
like no matter what when you're playing
the game obviously you just want the
main theme on a constant loop right but
sometimes you're just walking around on
a mountainside and it's not necesarily
or or you know just running for a feel
and it's not necessarily the most epic
time to be playing that music and so I
understand
shooting star fragments I'm good
where'd that Korat go
I know I saw the shooting star I have I
have three of them already I don't
really know what they're used for anyone
acht anis you make a really good point
where Santa says I understand why people
don't like the soundtrack but having the
main theme playing all the time would
get old in about ten minutes and you're
absolutely correct
I can still complain about the plinky
piano music baby boo boo boo boo boo boo
I just don't care I have three shooting
I have three star fragments already and
I just don't I don't need any more I
don't think you can sell them for it I'm
using for upgrades yeah but I'm also
like drowning okay exchange rings great
so now we need to look for more ruins
that that don't have like these like
these that could be a prison put a pin
put a pin in it rock and roll explore
you don't like the piano music go get
the motorcycle I believe I need to
finish the Ballad of champion before I
can get that easily fine I think I need
to finish the ballot of champions before
I can get the motorcycle and I do want
the motorcycle I want to drive around on
the motorcycle I think it looks awesome
even though even though I've bonded with
my horse
but I'm almost sure you can unlock a
better score with amiibos I could see
that happening I could see that
happening oh shit we have tips I haven't
even been paying attention I didn't I
don't think anyone would be tipping this
morning better I'd terrier let me pause
for a second better I'd terrier who says
thanks for the morning stream you're
welcome better iDEN Burger King Diamond
says getting typecast is not a bad thing
it guarantees an actor a career
Christopher Lee and Vincent Price were
typecast and were in demand until they
were dead I suppose it really depends on
the person right there are some people
who just want that kind of creative
freedom to get outside the box and there
are some people who are just happy
working the downside to being typecast
is if you're typecast as something
that's not popular at the moment then
you just got to sit and wait until you
know you're popular again dde
24 says dear jack thanks for doing a
euro friendly stream sadly I now have to
go to work regards DD 24 well welcome
welcome sorry not sorry
have fun at work
there's typecast and then there's terror
character actors the latter is a good
thing the former is generally not that's
so that's a decent point there
character actors are you know just
people who do whatever shit am i way off
but I I do I guess I hear the argument I
hear the argument you know but like for
example Schwarzenegger was typecast he
was also a presence but if big you know
when when big dumb action became a
little passe you know he shorts Integra
had to move on I guess I have to put on
a coat now he had to move on to comedy
he had to move on to other venues and he
was able to pivot because he is just
such a excuse me unique personality
thank you for doing it your friendly
shit we just got back from horse what a
nice work what a nice surprise well hey
no problem I do
I like these morning screams they're
very chill and relaxed and really for me
I was going to be playing Zelda this
morning no matter what it is well I
might as well stream while doing it
right I've got stuff free
like no matter what this is what I was
gonna do and mine is well I'll get the
house to myself I do I do like these
morning streams they're very they're
very relaxed they're very chilled
chilled
invisible strength says I interviewed
Jeffrey Combs who described a not liking
being typecast and then I interviewed
Bruce Campbell who said he loved being
typecast it pays the bills basically so
there's and and that's what we were
talking about there's just it depends on
the person you're gonna head right down
right there by the lake that could be a
prison right that's that's all we're
looking for now is is the we're sinners
uh-huh Jeffrey Combs Jeffrey Cohn like
the reason Jeffrey Combs signed on to do
Faust was so he could be nude and
slathered in mud that was that was the
whole reason a man's a crazy he's a
crazy man
also like a crazy miscalculation in
casting you got like like like what I
was talking about is like some actors
feel pigeon-holed feel pigeon-holed and
don't they don't get to express their
their creativity if they get typecast
and Jeffrey Combs he's an actor actor
you know he's a theatre actor and so for
him being typecast that's that's a
that's a jail sentence that's punishment
that looks like something
that's not that there's something Oh
Rock a crock any games in the near
future you are looking forward to the I
I am looking forward to spider-man I I'm
really excited about the spider-man game
is looking really slick and and and I'm
looking forward that I'm actually really
curious about the new God of War I was
talking about us possibly playing God of
War in doing that as a as our next
review because I'm hearing some
generally positive things about it about
the cop about the combat about the
presentation of it so I'm curious I'm
not necessarily excited about god of war
but I'm curious anything what about
detective Pikachu oh I'm very excited
about the Texan ruins so now let's see
here he's post ruins we know what those
are already so now basically the name of
the game is to look on the map for
houses that don't have a name to them
like these well is that part of the
Colosseum ruins well you know what why
don't we just head over there why don't
we just head over there that could be it
right now we're the only thing we're
looking for is a prison you know the
town outside the Colosseum might I'm
probably alone on this in this channel
but I'm curious about the next kind of
war and like the direction the series is
taken from what I've heard the combat is
good you know they're selling themselves
as like the next big story game but I've
heard the combats decent and so I'm
interested I don't give up talk about
the story no one has ever cared about
the story of god of war he's got to kill
God's great
do I already know what you are you're
welcome hi I talked to you so I I am
curious yes I am very curious about God
first game sir was good yeah okay he's
kind of a God he's got to kill other
guys like hey these ruins not ruin a
enough to be a named ruin yes
very action movie ask entrance there I
remember like that being in and you know
previously recorded episode one of the
things that behind you hi that was a big
positive of mine this is one of the few
games where the thing they showed you in
the trailer is something you can
actually do in the game which is jump
off your horse in slow-mo shoot an arrow
and be a total badass meat stuffed
pumpkin that looks great I could
probably use some more shields
see let's see if this area outside of
the Colosseum hasn't named it seems like
dad's stuff also mixes in with the
combat which seems fun we'll see how I
feel I you know I guess like I would be
I would be a prime candidate to be like
a sucker for that kind of stuff like a
father-son bonding you know if the story
takes over and they sacrifice gameplay
so they can tell a better story then
make it can go ahead and you reject the
Ellie stuff and Last of Us was almost a
non-factor for me right
but we'll see obviously I haven't played
it yet so it's a giant wheel seat
exchanged runs we did that one already
these were runs didn't have a name all
right where's more where's more ruins
where's more ruins you would think that
they would put like the jail hmm no yeah
I guess let's head that way let's head
that way I've been there before but it
the combat seems really good from what
the reviews are saying it doesn't look
to be button-mashing yeah now looks like
you guys know me I'm I'm a fan of big
dumb weapons and he's got that big dumb
axe
I'm getting a little heights this could
be this could be my naivety poking its
head in but I like spider-man
man I'm really you're upstream yes every
once in a while I am gonna try to do
more of these morning streams out like
we're not gonna get rich in here for
morning drinks because you know man
morning to him is like 2:00 in the
afternoon so for any legitimate is just
gonna be me just gonna be a Jackson fuck
rich just wants to sleep he's a night
owl man is a night owl which sometimes
can be very frustrating because I am
very much a morning person and every
once in a while I want to get something
done in the morning and I just know it
will never
come on move your ass
Oh God I have no idea how late he stays
up there like something sometimes I'll
wake up you know how wake up at 6:30
7:00 in the morning and have a text from
him that he sent me at 4:00 in the
morning he's like oh hey I'm thinking
about this at 4:00 in the morning and
then you know like I'll reply at 7:00 in
the morning and get an answer from him
in the afternoon I really want to find I
really want to find this out this tingle
outfit which is now which as you know
we've pivoted the the point of the
morning stream to finding the tingle
outfit
you know why don't we leave you here
horse we're gonna have some shit to deal
with hi
bang
perfect
fucking chumps once you figure it out
man once you figure out these dudes a
chumps
same with same with like the the modest
are the the the tests of strength
shrines once you figure out the the
pattern to defeating those sent
centuries it becomes too easy it becomes
a joke the the great test of strengths
but I'm so bad of time I'm gonna stand
that close I gotta get further way and I
think I might be better when I'm close
like that can't parry the Guardians on
hard mode because the timing is random
oh that would you mean my master mode
there's a new part of the dlc as you
master mode which oh it's no longer cold
oh you're right I'm sorry I got stuck on
my outfit and there we go now we're
ready to rock again now we're full
whereas tingle as we as we can be at the
moment this might be this is prison II
not really this is a really prison
this vine everything's fine you should
have a name town why don't you have a
name that's weird it's like a little
town in here it should have a little
name do you think well I mean you guys
what's that oh she got all excited over
shield yeah okay so that town is unnamed
so that is not the prison I would assume
the prison would be near the castle but
it also said all these are in hyrule
field or just near high roughly is like
I wonder if these are a thing and yes
that's where we're going next
fugging Giga clan give me a banana
phantom phantom fuck those confetti
ninjas really sometimes they just they
just get in the way
alright we're gonna go on the other side
of the castle here on the other side of
the castle cuz it seemed to have
something over there but alright Oh
cobalt thank you so much for all the
amazing content over here
my farm I favors well hey thanks the
real CEREC we appreciate that
don't worry about expressing your
feelings with me rich was here he might
say something sarcastic you know with
Yaga clan and ender Guardian all in the
same when your weapon is badly damaged
you can throw it and it does twice the
damage good kill okay that is not a
prison that's just like a it's like a
tower I thought that might be a prison
which is why I got off my horse if I get
a new horse I shouldn't have it third
scissor punch I like it is a ridiculous
name but look to be fair so is Luke
Skywalker we need to remember that like
the main character of the original
trilogy's name is actually Skywalker
that's weird
that's super weird Han Solo is a weird
name and so we can't be too hard on firm
scissor punch because you know just he's
just a long line of it seems like a
standard Star Wars University so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna
my horse
now and a fucking yoga clam shoot the
Hyuga clan guy let's see if we can do
that let's see if we can get him to
shoot down
I'm looking I'm looking for tingles just
you're looking for tingles oh you son of
a bitch you just fucking horse kill you
with the blade bananas not where his
phantom go are you ok phantom if phantom
dies I will be legitimately upset I
though I did get here here have an apple
I did get I found the the fairy fountain
that resurrects horses it'll be ok
Wow that's why
I thought that was another one stuck the
unmoving hey hey come here settle down
no come here it's okay these are a thing
this isn't a prison these are like this
is a prison this is what I was looking
at come on cliff is still hilarious
cobalt clip is hilarious I am
cobalt cobalt and it like apparently
it's my fault I've watch that clip a
bunch just to figure out oh excuse me
Wow just to figure out what happened and
it was because I threw that rock that's
why cobalt ran off is because I threw
the rock maybe a prison
I threw the stupid rock and he got
spooked
so cobalt is still to blame because in a
dumb whores but I threw the rock which
spooked him initially so I'm gonna take
let's see what's over here
i spooked him right I threw the rock and
I scooped oh this could be a prison area
yeah
I roll Cathedral oh so there is stuff
here in the castle town alright alright
we're getting there
we are fucking getting there your weapon
is badly damage to the game I know
and again that's one of those situations
where I get it I understand why they
made that choice but I don't have to
like it
that's the cathedral was that close was
I super close before
might have been really close to the
prison before
bang oh you dick
he's bobbing and weaving around the
skeleton which means he's
yeah sorry for the lack of morning so I
know you guys like them I like doing
them but obviously just you know
schedules right am i right if we get
crazy here the prison
that's basic basically this whole stream
is me just putzing around which i guess
is that's the whole game right like
that's the entirety of Zelda is just it
putts around which I'm absolutely okay
with now like I said I think for my
first my from my my entire first
playthrough I don't think I even
explored castle town at all because I
was too scared because it'sit's a very
intimidating place especially when you
start playing it's very intimidating
and so I'm like I've never just hung out
and walked around in Hyrule town because
because it's scary it's full of robots
and those things I forgot how to take
those things down so I haven't Legend of
Zelda putts in the wild
exactly
come on
wake up
let's see here red winged angel says hey
Jack have you ever quit a game with
negative feelings only to give it
another chance and end up really
enjoying it oh fuck I see the Blood Moon
or am I just close to the castle gosh
dang it all those all those guardians
are coming back to life now if I ever
hated a game and then came back to it I
I kind of had the opposite thing
happened with uh with invisible ink
where I went back to it like I came back
with him desire I came out playing my
first run-through of an invisible and
can felt pretty good about it
and then when I went back for another
playthrough I was a little lukewarm
witcher 3 well witcher 3 i don't know if
i got a full a full opinion of because
it didn't didn't get to play it that
much
so I don't I don't even know if if
Witcher 3 will count because I never had
that initial playthrough can't climb
those things can't climb these things
see what's over here
yeah this is just the castle this isn't
Hyrule Field
stupid that's the whole point of the
stream
and I have to find the goddamn prison
and I'm I'm sure once again I'm just
rolling off I'm hopefully in the wrong
place
searching for the wrong thing I don't
know I don't know I don't know what I'm
doing I know it's yeah this is Hyrule
Castle so the prison is definitely not
over here I don't know what I'm doing
well what where do I go that's weird
what state does Jack Levin I live in
Milwaukee Wisconsin and so it's snowing
again it's there's more snow today it's
it's amazing we've had like six to eight
inches of snow in the last two days and
it's absurd it's springtime it's April
and everything's fucked looking for
tingle in all the wrong places
exactly so you know I'm two-thirds I'm
2/3 tingled as you can see and now I
just have to find the gosh-darn
let's look at the hint again very close
in the ruins where sinners were
imprisoned where sinners were imprisoned
is that the Cathedral end
odet der wonder wonder if I go back to
the Cathedral
there's the church over here sinners are
imprisoned that's you know maybe maybe
I'm uh maybe I wasn't paying attention
to the clue correctly
skeletons too
gosh dang it everything's fine
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine
there
what you losing all my shields all
because of those guys those dickheads
Skellington it fucked skeletons and
another Yuga clan you know the game can
be obnoxious bats skeletons and bats and
I just want to find a tingle shirt so
all I want to do find a single shirt I
got a deal with skeletons and bats all
the kind of broke shit
this fuck everything just want to find a
panel
find that to be great great time finding
great and our sinners were imprisoned is
the big clue here and over here is
Hyrule Cathedral because it didn't cause
you know like imprisonment I've been
looking for a prison what if I should
have been looking for
but on the wrong side of the castle I
was just on the other side of a castle
just over there just down the other side
of Castle I don't want to go back I mean
we're gonna do it we're gonna find a
single now that I'm over here I'm just
gonna double I'm just gonna look around
make sure that it's not over here
they're magic magnet finder that's not
the treasure chest we're looking for
because the treasure chest we're looking
for would be an e X treasure chest
bone marrows nice that's nice
mmm oh no see you know them but fuck it
that's where we're going it's gonna bum
around Hyrule town it's kind of great I
was playing like a banjo
this gets sleeping
this gets gone man sometimes he'll hang
out with me in here while I while I work
but he is I opened the bag for my green
screen I have like a fold fold up a bowl
green screen and he's currently sleeping
on the bag
okay this is my first time here well
welcome welcome we're playing a little
breath of the wild I am looking for the
tingle outfit as you can see I have I am
two-thirds tingled you got the head I
got the outfit I actually don't know
what the set bonuses if we do get a cool
set bonus button
fold up a bowl sounds like it should be
a word it is a word because I just said
it I like them I like them sweet sweet
fold up has the ability to be
jack has killed so many in the pursuit
of the tingle outfit I have but they
were monsters and robots and so I'm
gonna be okay with killing all of them
that's my job as an adventurer and
official knight of the crown I kill
monsters
no is it tingle or tinkle and his tingle
tingle I don't does it say it here there
was once a man who claimed to be the
very reincarnation of a fairy he
treasured this hood and so will you this
doesn't say tingle or tinkle but its
tingle
we have thing over here I've ever been
over here so I'm gonna this place as any
to check why not
I only have like one and a half shields
left so take care of it what's this area
do you have an it it's right here it's
right here
fucking right here cast down prism we
found it we found it that's great yeah
we did it tingles shirt there it is
let's see what the set bonus does fairy
clothes complete we did it we did it
everyone congratulations
equip our set bonus is our night speed
is up so we can move faster at night
with our tingle outfit well great
we lay a shield down hey I've never
samples I think I have an extra shield
does it have to be a rusty shield or can
it be any shield that's the question
I know people react differently to me
when I wear the Gannon outfit so it has
to be a rusty shield that's what you
found me fucking fucking how cool rocks
this is why no one likes you
yeah I've been on this island before I
got the shrine and then I left I guess
well great
should we see how people react to us
when we're that single - we'll go over -
there's a stable over here there's
always people always people have stable
probably there probably is a rusty
shield around there I just I don't have
any patience I already have a bunch of
extra core exceeds that I haven't turned
in cuz I just don't care I guess I could
use a you know a few extra spaces button
I'm not I'm not hurtin for coax seeds at
the moment actually I should I should be
upping my stamina because I have I have
some extra orbs spirit orbs alright
let's see how people react to tingle
all right
it's not because that's the same
reaction you get when when your that's
the same reaction you get when you're
Ganon they shouldn't be reacting he okay
hold on that's uh let's do a little
experiment here okay so if I come up to
you now they don't react it all doesn't
react it off man and his underpants then
you you a quick full phantom Ganon
outfit and you go up to people and
they're like whoa your phantom Ganon
because obviously that's a badass scary
outfit this is the sneaky outfit right
but then if you equip tingle
they don't mind me in my underpants but
they don't they don't like tingle they
are equally as scared of me being a
tingle or Ganon what is what is the deal
why why are you so scared of me as
tingle
the woman sees you as a sex pervert but
I went up to her with my undies on and
they didn't do that settle down beetle
settle down
you're not Gannon you're Ganondorf sure
whatever I don't give no fuck you know
your arrows beetle yeah they should be
laughing you would think they would
laugh at you for being dressed up like a
like a tingle Jackie just convinced me
to find the rest of the outfits and play
this game it's that's what I've been
doing lately I got all the beasts done
and I'm looking forward to doing the DLC
but I've just been treasure hunting and
really fucking enjoying it just go
around find some journals on some
treasure I think what I want to do next
already I'm not terribly hungry I could
take a little cookie break I don't know
how long you guys want to go today take
a little I have a cookie that I could
eat for my cookie go not terribly hungry
I do want to see if I can find the I
think it's this one
a trial like I think it's the ancient
mask is the majora's mask so all day in
forever talk to us until rich wakes up
no I I actually have no plans that I
have no plans or anything this is this
is what I'm doing today so maybe it will
take a little bit of a break I'm gonna
eat a tiny bit of cookie and then we'll
go find the Majora's Mask how about that
the ruins the waters the ruins where
soldiers gathered from their the waters
of Lake Como are visible all right
that's where we're gonna go next I'm
gonna go get a cookie hey hang out for
do second I'm gonna run an ad but I will
go find majora's mask mute
hello
I uh I was finishing I was finishing my
cooking and so I just started playing
while finishing my cookie there we go
I have a cookie problem I love them and
I eat them all the time cookies
it was a cowboy cookie and the the local
coffee shop colectivo coffee formerly
Altera coffee here Milwaukee sell
something called a cowboy cookie which
is just a little bit of everything it's
a little oatmeal a little regular cookie
some chocolate chips I think there's
some coconut in there there's nuts it's
it's just a little bit of everything
it's basically like all the leftover
from all of their other cookies shoved
into one cooking it's called a cowboy
cookie and it's it's the greatest it's
the greatest cookie ever just because it
it feels like a meal in a cookie what's
happening still going yeah still going
we're gonna we're gonna find majora's
mask hello we're gonna find majora's
mask and then we're gonna be done all
right here we go the waters of Lake Como
where is Lake Como
oh we were at the garrison Rules rooms
well that's where we're going again rock
and roll oh we could this is gonna be
easy it's gonna be easy I don't wallow
you know when I was gonna be another
thing cuz I don't know this was gonna be
so close sorry your dog we gotta go
come on phantom hi-ho mitten is that
well yeah maybe we could find the the
Majora's Mask and mitten his hat and
that all and that all that'll be
something to do like I said the treasure
hunting the treasure hunting is is just
it's an excuse to poke around the world
and what a glorious use of DLC is just
more excuses to poke around ah
dig
we're gonna poke around for a little bit
longer cuz I just had a cookie so I'm
good though now I'm gonna probably sound
a little like why me what are you doing
oh you're a Yugo well you don't give me
shields unfortunately I do like that
though when when you have to you you go
to the ego clan for the for the camel
divine these story and then after you
defeat the echoing leader the acolytes I
enjoy Jack's wings but I also like when
rich argues with the chat there's a
listen which is a
why are you main angry at me I'm tingle
everyone's so fucking angry at Dingle
they are ready to fight yeah jackpot is
uh
isn't acting a little funny at the
moment we've been streaming since about
what 9:45 ish
that hat is just enraging leave the Hat
a little it's fine it's a great outfit
it's a great outfit oh look I've been oh
yeah I lit the fire in here put the fire
in here
I guess I didn't poke around too much
you guys see the hint that if you uh you
can take them rusty you can take rusty
shields and feed them to the octave
rocks on goron mountain in it and they
clean them for you an eerie mask passed
down from ancient times wearing it makes
it harder for certain enemies to spot
you did blood Street live up to your
expectations yes as a as I think I said
in the that's great I think I said this
in our discussion of of blood Street I
was really worried like after Faust
which was full of ridiculous things I
was really worried that blood Street was
going was gonna was gonna be a real
disappointment but Leo falling he knows
what's up
- one of my shittier shields all right
so now we're gonna find him - couple
more traitors yeah luxury was that bad
that was that was something else that's
great
pardon matin try the sword teleportation
rumors hidden beneath a labyrinth
Twilight relic I think that's Erin the
princess of toy Twilight whose stories
are handed down alongside those of the
hero of Twilight her helmet can be found
at the temple ruins soaked in the waters
waters of rajin sia River Ridge NC a
river so where is oh we were just over
there - motherfucker rock and roll rock
on
we were just there
get the teleportation device that one
seems interesting did I like toilet
princess I did like toilet princess
that's actually one of the few games in
which I got very heavily invested in the
story I was I loved
Midna and loved the ending I I even I
know rich has problems with it but I
actually enjoyed the motion controls
Twilight Princess I thought it added a
lot to the combat just yeah yeah in
replaying it what I can say is that
there is far too much wolf bullshit
there's far too much wolf bullshit early
on and the cutscenes are almost
unbearable especially because they are
very front loaded why don't I do my
stand up timer anymore I know I should
and I just don't because I don't I have
no good reason not to
I should it's good for you to stand up
at least at once an hour bottle but III
think overall overall like I'm gonna
come out positive with it I'm just
because I really did enjoy the combat
but it has some problems
okay spin kick yeah I can use my sword
on you
and they're failing so much
but overall enjoy once you got once he
got rid of the wolf stuff which was the
most annoying the wolf stuff was great
up it's kill me yeah I'm just gonna hang
here kill me thank you okay
yeah look I look back on it fondly
Goodin Bonin even and shields yeah you
get person die oh he's a bow person not
a person great we got six to eight
inches I know up north for snow we got
six to eight inches of snow here in
Milwaukee up north they got even more
over the last couple days and it sucks
it sucks the the amount of snow no one
no one is mentally prepared for it at
the moment so everybody's in a band
yeah yeah people are cranky people are
cranky because all the snow which I
can't blame before fucking snow and it
kind of sucks it's springtime
dere's gonna run into the water great
trial the soir DLC on master mode is
quite a challenge to trial too so I
tried trial of a sword once and even
just just the basic trial the sword was
so fucking hard
I picked up some these rusty shields and
then head over to head over to go around
place and have the the octo rocks
unrushed sanity shields so it failed
free but only because it required about
ten minutes of tedium at the beginning
of each run it's it's tough I spend some
time cleaning up some rust it's a little
bit of like I and I wasn't doing like a
I wasn't really like trying for a mega
run
so I didn't I didn't really put my heart
into it but it seemed tough so the the
trial the sword is you get all of your
equipment taken away from you and much
like the the spooky island where you get
all your equipment taken away from you
you have to defeat the entire trial of
the sword we you know using your wits
and the stuff you gather along the way
that looks like a warp so Lumi I
labyrinth trying and drop down the hole
trust me it's very cool ooh Guardian
resisteth that's neat you know we got to
complete this outfit here there we go
that's great
that's just fucking great I don't know
we're gonna we're gonna do some shop
keep in here for a second where it's
over here I want to warp there it's
harder to warp there I need to warp here
maybe a little shop keeping this outfit
is getting out of hand
scurvy and potatoes aboard I know and
that's why I like it that's why I like
it silly outfits it's fun that way
shirtless again got to go shirtless
except for now I'm about to go to the
volcano so I gotta get dressed
gotta get dressed
Len flacon ski I'm gonna get to your tip
in just a second here cuz I gotta I
gotta get changed as soon as I land or
else I'm gonna burn oh wait no I think I
have some anti burn cream maybe I could
put that on so I can keep on my cool ass
outfit
oh yeah there we go now hey now I can
keep on my sweet outfit yeah see these
guys here if you take your rusty sword
ok just ate my sword and cleaned it
where's my sword bro
now I could do the same thing with my
all my shields on my rusty ass shield
here
you know what she yelled now spit it
back out of me are these good shields or
these bad shields oh these are bad
shields - I was hoping I was hoping
these were like these were these shields
are shaped like Knights shields so I I
had assumed that these were all Knights
Shh I guess I had assumed these were all
Knights shields so that this would be
worth it but apparently these are just
travelers shields
there you go
oh it burned up wow I guess it's better
they have these shields with no shields
I can't jump in time
you know what he's just dumb we're
getting out of here all right what's the
next thing we're getting what's our next
thing is it me or is this quiet I've
been hearing volumes been fine but if it
is quiet for you you know obviously try
to turn it up button okay what about
what about you
Fantasma armor that's neat
teleportation northeast Acala
hidden beneath oh you know what I
actually haven't been there yet I have
not been to this labyrinth yet so I
don't know if I want to do that yet what
about what about the Fantasma stuff in
the ruins and the ruins of Hyrule Field
again gosh dang it great fucking great
I have I managed to obtain the fierce
deity skin and the double-helix sword
for link no no I think that means you're
not talking enough I'm talking a lot
well now I know where the teleportation
thing is I gotta get up to a column but
don't fuck it we're gonna welcome back
to the ruins back to fucking Hyrule
Field hi JJ Jeter welcome
oh sorry Len flex in ski says uh
rewatched up in the library got to the
third act where mr. Fredricksen reads
the book and that was crying in the
library up and The Incredibles are my
favorite Pixar movies talk about up and
The Incredibles up is up is fantastic up
up starts you with utter heartbreak and
despair and then actually like to me it
almost like lulls not lols but low for a
bit but you know the the middle is very
unassuming and and I wasn't kind of
finding the characterization until you
get closer to the end and you get some
of the character reveals of the kid and
the book of course it's it's it's
beautiful yeah it's up is a beautiful
movie I think a lot of people shat on it
because of like Doug but it's good at a
battleground where brave souls tests
their skills at ceremonial grounds where
Royal Guards are honored I wonder if
I wonder if they mean over here people
didn't like I don't think people like
Doug I think people thought that Doug
was uh I think people thought Doug was
the pork thugs all right up is a great
movie The Incredibles is a damn near
perfect movie and we should all be
incredibly hyped for incredible to think
we're gonna go to the sacred ground
ruins because that seems like a place
incredible I mean you know Incredibles
is a great is a great movie
it doesn't Incredibles as a movie that
does not need a sequel and so I think
there are some people who are worried
about that just because it doesn't need
a sequel but but heck it's good one what
about Toy Story 3 Toy Story 3 is
beautiful it's beautiful
Toy Story 3 is so beautiful I know they
are working on another Toy Story and I
don't want them to be
toys new phantom armor myths abound
about armored phantoms that terrorized
brave heroes this piece looks like the
armor they supposedly were it's rather
rare to find this is this is armor from
a from Phantom Hourglass nice Toy Story
three wrapped up the movies in the most
perfect way that's the thing like
Incredibles there's more stories to tell
sure but Toy Story was the way to end
the series spoiler alert for Toy Story 3
by the way is you know the toys went
through this hole what's my purpose
thing and and were you know confronted
with actual death and accepted it only
to find you know a reuse a repurpose and
and that was glorious it was the that
could go on forever and ever and I I'm
really really not looking forward to
we need this whole set now look at this
armor Toy Story 3 is is brilliant and
I'm not looking forward to toys sorry
for I don't want another Toy Story
we don't need another Toy Story and I
don't want one
incredibles yeah give me more that's
fine at a battleground where brave souls
tested their skills and at the ruins
where the soldiers of Hyrule gather I
was already at the garrison ruins right
but maybe I didn't look hard enough
I'm a newbie when do you get your sub
badge and what is the scroll looking
badge that's a pizza roll so that is
your sub badge the scroll looking badge
is the pizza roll that is our sub badge
maybe it's time to change that up it's
been a while since pizza rolls have been
a thing time to update update our sub
badge we'll see
pizza rolls right you guys remember when
pizza rolls were a thing whistling Hill
well that's cool let's we'll check out
the garrison again maybe I missed
something when we were at the Hyrule
garrison not dealing with you
why the early streaming we didn't stream
yesterday because of snow and this is
when I'm up and doing things anyway and
quite literally whether I was streaming
or not I would be playing breath of the
wild and doing this and just treasure
hunting and so that's why I thought why
not stream it and then this way makes
made up for last night really sorry
about that but it was it was dangerous
driving it was actually dangerous
driving out last night we didn't want to
risk driving anymore I think don't we
have a biscuit a moat or did it not work
I forget see what I will see what we can
do we'll see what we can do
can't have enough cat emotes good thing
that we made that cuz that was my last
that was my last day did you see that
leading did you see that fucking leading
wait I have enough shit to make a
million ancient arrows but that was my
last one I should get more if we're
gonna be treasure hunting some more all
right so this is the garrison I was
looking in the garrison earlier because
I thought that's where that's what the
jail was but I think I stopped looking
because we realized that a garrison was
not a jail I thought a garrison was a
jail but maybe this is where more
phantom armor is
we will see make sure you pile up on
ancient screws and rock salt and stuff
to fuel your future motorcycle oh is
that what it needs is that what it means
give me one second here guys okay back
to surging
we'll find it a garrison can have a
built-in jail
well yeah but there was a there was an
actual prison that's what I was looking
for that's that's what I needed to find
but I was looking at a garrison because
I thought garrison just meant prison but
as we discovered garrison is just a
place soldiers are haha bombs thanks
you Inc phantom Greaves oh I got some
phantom pants yes yes we got phantom
pants look at this ridiculous outfit my
new favorite okay at a battleground
where brave souls tested their skill at
a battleground
so where's the battleground y'all is
this the battleground I had some guys
who you know one of them I had to go on
this island over here I gotta go up on
this island over here where is the
battleground oh you think I think is the
calcium
Royal Guards tested their skill yes you
are absolutely right it's the calcium
it's the calcium great great great great
great
is it love it's love it's the friends
the the the place where we battled our
battles and tested our skill was the
friends we made along the way
gotcha no love is a battlefield you Ryan
hi-ho phantom away
you go down this way this way this way
okay yeah yeah phantom as Jack mentioned
if when they're doing a make up stream
this is kinda it this is kind of the
make up stream I don't know if we'll
have a chance to get together them both
of us
before Wednesday I'll talk about
possibly doing another one later in the
week but this this might be it but also
are these people fucking in trouble
again I get a beaucoup shield that's
what I like to do topia but the message
was incredibly on the nose and annoying
like the x-men movies counter yeah yeah
but I mean also Zootopia is a fucking
children's movie that's like I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna begrudge a
children's movie for having the
messaging being a little too on the nose
I mean Toby was fine no no real love for
Zootopia but you know calcium has a tiny
lie no problem though I'm hoping that
the that the treasure chest is on the
outside cuz I don't necessarily want to
deal with a lion fight but hey if that's
what we're doing that's what we're doing
or if we're getting into a lion fight
that's what's happening but I'm gonna
search kind of on the outside hoping
that the treasure is out here
mallanna's character are just kind of
ripped off from Pocahontas um kind of I
think Lindsay Ellis does a really decent
riff on the whole Pocahontas Moana deal
and generally speaking I believe the
consensus is it is kind of a ripped off
story but Moana actually does it right
where Moana makes the choice to change
whereas in Pocahontas yet whereas in
Pocahontas the the choice is kind of
thrust upon her but are you doing
all right but I don't I don't mind Moana
decent songs I've only seen it a few
times though my kids are older now so
they don't make me watch the same
cartoon shit over and over again okay
well hey I guess we're doing a line of
flight have any master saw him for a
while use you excuse you I didn't go to
Disneyland last year I went to Universal
Studios last year son of a oh I didn't I
don't have any nice cooked food either
gosh dang it
absolutely gosh Dagon
we're gonna I know I'm gonna lose this
fight but that's gonna be okay just
gonna I mean it's gonna have to be okay
is really the thing
like a cheese and hop on them dead small
window to hop on ma'am
yeah alright fucking alright we're gonna
be fine
we're gonna be fine you this stream was
started 35 minutes and 29 seconds ago
hack bot your still broken button
we're gonna deal we're gonna deal with
this Lionel situation is what we're
gonna do and we're gonna deal with it by
going over to to that bar our stable and
cooking up some shit let's see here hack
pot isn't broken the twitch API change
means hack II can't tell when you start
unless someone calls exclamation point
live when you start nobody did until
nobody did until 30 minutes ago oh okay
I thought I saw people say exclamation
point live why are you running story I
could be mistaken it's okay
finals are more difficult from the blood
star fees they can be I'm just gonna
cheese I'm gonna get some get some food
here
oh I'm all out of my good shit oh no I
got a radish
that's something got a radish you up
defense you you are you gonna do
something good well see mushrooms you
know it's a lot of hearts then let them
cure so I guess like a hold on cuz
really you know I wanna I want to eat
something that ups my attack I need
something that ups my attack and then
just have kind of generic mushroom shit
to uh to get my heart's back so that I
don't lose my attack buff cuz you can
only have one block at a time
I do have a there we go three plus
attack on those bananas speak louder
Jack I'm here speaking loud the majority
of people seem to say that they can hear
me just fine so I'm going to believe the
majority on this one button you gotta
turn up your shit man some shit in the
pot yeah we just need a newsie various
your heart recovery nothing fucking
nothing man I got all this shit here I
know I ain't never I find my like the
one recipe that I like to beef salt no
rice to beef stew salt my rice we'll see
what happens oh that's it something that
was a special prime meat rice ball boom
that's a lot of hearts actually let's do
that again
one two salt rice hold-hold what if we
do what if we do meat eggs and and
mushroom meat eat eggs eggs a mushroom
mighty meat and mushroom skewer I'm
pretty good that gave us some shit at
least
if I really wanted to cheese hard I
would wait until FIFA's grace or tifa's
grace or whatever that one is called is
uh is ready to go but but at the same
time
what are you guys talking about banana
stands look y'all talking about banana
stands that's cool I also fight a lion
skeleton bringing a explodey barrel I
throw an explorer T barrel at him yes I
can dope wasty
wasted it
right off the bat all right all right
we're gonna fire attack right away I
could change to better armor but this
armor is ups my attack coming ups my
attack so I kind of like that
let's we can change our hat cuz our hat
isn't doing us much good right now bud
let's see what we got here
there's our hood where's our regular
hood that's decent defense right
link yeah all right what are we doing
what are we doing
food just food
yeah that was a bit of a camera fail
dude doo-doo-doo-doo why we just need
why can't I go God
oh that didn't work oh if I dodge any of
their attacks I can do flurry attack
right ah but I'm not dancing correctly
I've never you know I've been I've
always been much better at the shield
the repost that I have at the dodge for
some reason I don't know why oh I I did
terrible I did absolutely terrible there
but we're gonna we're here we're gonna
try again we're gonna change our good
armor right away I have all my meals did
that say that did
what if I could you know what you know
what I wonder
someone was mentioning just sneaking
past him because all we're really
looking for is that last um is that last
treasure chest so I wonder if we can
just be extra sneaky sneaky all we're
looking for is a treasure chest
somewhere you can't see me you can't see
me anything this is it this is all we
need hey we did it
we did it Fantasma yes yes look at that
armor set just look at it that's
wonderful and really all it does is give
you attack bonuses so I'm just okay with
that look at how ridiculous that our is
I don't care about fighting that Lionel
so I'm leaving I'm leaving I think this
is from Phantom Hourglass where these
guys in Wind Waker maybe I don't know
looks like shovel knight it does look a
little bit like shovel knight it's
glorious look at this look at us it's
weird like it's only set bonuses really
just at a cup but I think that looks
great from Spirit Tracks that could be
I'm doing good hung side and how you
doing yeah that's right I think it's
from one of the DS games or from both
the DS games and Wind Waker cuz Phantom
Hourglass and and spirit tracks are both
sequels to two Wind Waker they both take
place in the Wind Waker universe that's
great
there we go what was that alright
alright well we'll leave it there that's
great
we'll leave it there because that is
just great the words in our way let's
see here let's let's be all done I'm
where were I'm because rich isn't here
this is the point of the stream in which
I thank everyone who has subscribed to
us during this very stream much like Dan
Malo 82 dedi
24 atomic mousetrap who has subscribed
for 19 months in a row random pizza the
big Dan Mouse II jimothy 2001 Daleks lol
fuck my cock who says thanks for the
laughs etc real Radhika's Varley mister
Oppenheim er mr. Oppenheim er is how he
pronounced that observer eighty-one
aboard bomber who says thanks for all
the streams a feminine for twenty six
fucking months in a row Jimmy from the
five the fire ferret Syl Syl
Davian GI gwr 300 Joseph car Trekkie a
pair of paradigms nice cubic serendipity
505 40k funky Toombs JRR Lovecraft for
15 months in a row Samhain the masher no
we MN for 18 months in row who says 2003
Godzilla
gorilla interrupted 2004 oranges 2006
recovered 2010 feeding frenzy 2013 how
not to make a movie 2015 space cop 2018
question mark I had almost nothing to do
with all of those so that's not a
question for me if there is anything
upcoming I'm sure Mike and Jay will make
a big thing of it
the actor Joe bed-wetter media one baños
miss Mannis McManus crane head Christ
roadog see watt 57 - bode Lando was
taken for forty three motherfucking
months in a row who says only steers and
queers come from Milwaukee private
Packard rest in peace which one are you
happy feces cybernetic ghost mm sneaky
smen stabbed for 14 months in a row and
Paul Kersey architects thank you all for
subscribing I really appreciate it rich
also appreciates it he's just not here
to say so right now thanks for coming
out to the morning jack stream and and
have a good one we'll probably see you
guys on Wednesday and I don't have the I
don't have the end screen here at home
so I gotta just end it like normally so
you go to you gonna outputs and then you
click on the twitch thing again
