Mar 1, 2018
Into the Breach
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/235391137
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scAk0ew48AQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/968925043588726785

you don't know what's going on
you don't know what
can anyone can everyone Seabiscuit
and everyone Seabiscuit that's the
important question can everyone hear me
and Seabiscuit
me biscuit are here oh it's a little
blurry but we're here
you feel look that way
yeah there we go hey everybody welcome
I'm hoping you can hear stuff you can
see stuff obviously you see me I know
that much to be true good morning good
morning everybody
this gets done that's fine from this
fair he's leaving this gets out
catch string hello hello okay so can you
hear things can you hear the game can
you hear me what's going on
superly stream
by the wall of flames why the screaming
that's exactly yeah
Hey hi all sound seems good great that's
what we I'm a little late I'm running
I'm running like ten minutes late
because the setting up the microphone
here at home is very different than
setting them up at the studio and as you
see like I have the mic in shot here
because I don't have a lot of space in
my office to shoot everything so
everything's a little worth of Legos
right everything's a little cattywampus
but it's ok I got my grapefruit juice
got my coffee
and and we are going to start a new game
that's the concern I've played this a
little bit so far into the breach oh I
got some time in yesterday and so far
been really enjoying it it's uh it's
tricky it's a it's a tricky tricky game
but pretty good chapt is a little not
where I wanted
here chant here
like a like a staff of something to put
the chat
so I can actually see what you guys are
saying wait we're the way we're doing
things everything first I'm watching
welcome mr. wiki welcome do you have to
pay for that new game
oh no no no pain for save files though
they do have like their there unlock
system uses in-game currency but there's
no way to five that in-game currency
with fake current currency or the
in-game currency with real guard and
currency okay so let's start let's let's
change our spots in the original squad
rift walkers and let's change our time
traveler we have a few time travelers
here plus 3 min the first thing they did
that was really nice
and so far I'm really like really like a
bridge it's it's deep it's also very
simple I don't think actually I don't
think rich and I will do an episode on
it just because it is so simple it's
just chess its randomized chess your
pieces have certain moves your enemies
have certain moves Jack's confused I'm
very confused it's 7:45 a.m. it is 9:45
here in Milwaukee and we were shooting
last night we were shooting something so
spectacular that I can't even describe
to you guys what it was but it was it
was something so unfortunately we
couldn't stream last night because we
were shooting and and so I figured I'd
get an early-morning stream in
12:45 a.m. here in Tokyo wow that's
great
oh I can't I can't properly describe the
magic that happened
I just can't I can't properly describe
it it was it was absolutely magic and it
was very exciting okay so you get three
mechs and your mechs do different things
I'll kind of go through that in a little
bit I'm gonna place them first here and
then here and every map has its own
unique objectives and so you know
overall the objective is don't die kill
all the bugs last five turns if you see
right right here it's a victory in five
time so you gotta last all five turns
but there are secondary objectives bonus
objectives these guys right here the
bonus objectives defend the tanks these
two tanks if I can defend both of them I
get two stars and you use Stars to buy
upgrades think of stars as scrap that
you can use at shops at the end of each
level but you know it's pretty difficult
because for the first few turns these
tanks are useless they're there they
don't have their battery hitting holding
control while hovering over anything
kind of gives you a quick summary of
that thing so you know here's an enemy
hornet flies that means he can move over
any terrain but he only attacks if you
see you know in the tiniest I don't know
why I'm pointing I'm pointing at my
screen but you guys can see in the tiny
screen is that reversed
I think that's reversed I think I have
the camera reversed for some reason and
I don't really know why but I named the
case uh you know Hornet only stabs one
in front of him so I guess I got a
chance to move first I gotta remember my
all these rules though tighten fist
punches and pushes an enemy away I've
got a cannon that pushes and let's just
start playing we'll get we'll get
through it as I start line everything
will be fine guys don't work because he
wanted the mic to be on the left of you
oh maybe that was it
maybe because now if I'm looking at the
game here it looks like I'm looking at
the game in camera that's why I reversed
it but it's weird to me you're right am
i right
this looks adorable it is it's adorable
and it is crazy addictive it's its
little micro bits of strategy and so you
know there's only four turns here and so
it's a very short round and it really it
forces you to play
all right name of the game here of it
we'll be able to do that okay so our
Titan fist here does two damage so we'll
be able to kill that bug we'll be able
to move him here and kill this bun and
then the Taurus cannon only does one
damage but it pushes the enemy and
pushing your enemy is incredibly
important because I won't be able to
kill this Hornet but I'll be able to
push the Hornet off the building here oh
I will be able to kill the Hornet heyo
and then this guy does like artillery
cannon so I'll be able to drop this
artillery and that's that so as you
notice the bugs were attacking these
buildings and these buildings have
lightning bolts over them and that is up
here that is our power grid and that is
our health for everything that is our
health for the entire game and so
holding on to these power grids are our
priority number one I'd rather lose a
mech than lose a power bridge because
that's our health as soon as the power
grid goes to zero we lose the game
yeah here the city is saved I did it I
did it I saved the city so not to need
the Bucks turn rewind Chuck says hey
Jack I'm a few hundred hours into breach
I love it but I don't think it's as epic
or fun as FTL still a great game I would
love a two-player online mode good luck
that would be interesting one player
controls the bugs the other controls the
tanks that would be very interesting but
it's it's different it's not FTL if
you're okay it's off happening yeah
there we go my own breasts were acting
up
but does the city deserve saving
absolutely if a building Falls it the
game tells you like how many people were
in the building and it's like 80 people
just died it's really disheartening but
good morning good morning everyone
okay so the bugs Telegraph their attacks
this bug is going to jump on the tank
and what is this good luck do these
little floaty squid bugs have passive
attacks and this floaty squid bug says
that for any bug I kill they will
explode and so killing this type first
priority can kill so if you see here
this is telling me that a bug is about
to spawn next around and so what I'm
going to do here is move hunter module
here and kill that bug so this guy won't
explode and now I'm actually blocking an
emerging fact it'll cost me one health
but that means that this bug won't come
up next turn which you guys hear this
giving background I'm looking at my
microphone while I talk to you I should
look into the camera hi do you hear
biscuit
hey Jack the creator of mazing got his
first online order cuz of you plug on
the stream so thanks great oh man I'm
gonna tweet out I I was going to tweet
out about the game the other day but
then I've tweeted about Lady Bird
instead and I didn't want to over tweet
don't want to dilute your tweet so I'm
gonna tweet out about how much because
we've been playing amazing every day me
my wife and my two kids we play it every
single day and it's a great day this guy
here
back this way and then hit him with the
artillery boom we're doing great this is
of course the first mission so great
messed up everything I just messed up
everything I was hoping to do chat a
little different meeting today maybe
they could put it here like I want it
right here I won't chat right here but I
don't have another stand and now that
messed up my camera when Jax is amazing
I think of corn yeah
what is this nerd game rogue strategy
like absolutely it's from the creators
of FTL it's another strategy roguelike
game
do I have I have so much crap in my
office but I don't have the thing that I
want on you know what I'm saying
you just have rap everywhere but not
this kid is screaming
hold on they got to hear that
I think I figured out my my chat problem
this works
this is it's gonna be too tall little
tiny little school that I have here yes
chat situation figured out now I can see
a jab right by the camera that's what I
wanted
and you guys here biscuit in the
background my business just wants
attention
very badly
is it true that everything smells like
manure on a farm that entirely depends
on what you have on your farm if you
have a lot of cows and pigs yes I damage
my farm but we didn't have many many
animals on the farm growing up so so my
farm didn't necessarily smell like
manure but any but also like if it's
where you live and it's where you are
you really don't notice the smell that's
just everyone Jack what biscuit want
biscuit just wants to be pet and he
wants attention and I'm unable to do
that I guess I could I could put him on
my lap when while playing the game but I
don't know how much you could stay
because this is just a one-handed
I seriously thought your cat was my cat
meowing around outside or something yeah
that's just biscuit he's in the
background he's gonna be complaining
because I'm talking and not paying
attention to him where are we okay we
blocked those guys we took some damage
but that's fine oh this is so easy
great we did it yeah I'm hoping this
this will be another this would be
another great iPad game I do hope I hope
they had some success with the FTL iPad
port because this would be a great game
just for like a five minute play for I
mean obviously that round took me really
long because I'm in chat and this kid
but you can get through around in five
minutes so this would be a really
fantastic
Gabe musics a bit too loud I can fix
that
was that alright so we defended both
tanks we get two stars like I said are
started think of stars like scrap in FTL
that's what we're gonna use to buy stuff
you do get to choose your missions but
you can only choose four or five and on
every island and so I think I'm gonna
choose this one because it has a
lightning bolt which will give us my got
health that equals good great
everything's great let's do this what do
we got to be here defend the artillery
unit and protect the emergency battery
so make sure our bugs don't hit that
whoa whoa oh they're gonna go there and
we're gonna go there
can we get biscuit cam on the other side
of the screen I'll grab biscuit later
alright now we got a time con so so one
of them gives of this game one of the
premises to actually explain the rogue
like eNOS about it is that you're time
travelers which yes it makes perfect
sense and if you lose one of your
characters travels to another timeline
to try to help that time line which is
why every playthrough is different and
so this is a time pod a pod sent from
another time line to help us
my roommate is playing stardew valley
24/7 now because of your review Jack so
I basically have the place to myself all
the time thanks you're welcome
so this is this is gonna be a special
treat we want to grab that someone yeah
we can grab that
okay we are going to punch you we are
going to shoot you and you are going to
grab the time pod so you get punched you
get shot should have done that the other
way around I should have shot him but
that's like everything's fun
everything's fine oh wait wait alright
and enter
kaiju mech time-travel exactly like it's
all fun it's all fun and shocking button
alright what does your cannon do
oh man we got to be really careful here
we got to be really careful here because
this cannon okay so this cannon does one
damage but it also pushes the enemy and
if the enemy gets pushed into the
buildings it will hurt the buildings so
we've got to be a little bit smart about
this and actually I don't know yes yes I
will be able to do this
maybe maybe okay so if I move him here
he'll do one damage for this bug and
knock this bug that way also doing one
damage but I want to kill this guy first
so they don't explode and cause more
damage
we can do this I'm not gonna shoot on
him yet because if they die on this
guy's still alive
it won't help us at all
I do one damage new bush
okay that'll be fine uh whoa whoa whoa
would you do that for still salvageable
but I accidentally clicked here to punch
here and I did not want to do that I can
still do this I can still pull this out
I can still pull this out kill that guy
first no no the missions five missions
still fine boom he's dead
this cannon you can stay there shoot
this guy everything's still fine that
was a little bit of a Miss a Miss click
no miss click but it's fine everything's
fine I still got grateful we did it
Jack where's rich-rich
is sleeping I'm sure at this at this
time of the morning rich is a night owl
which is at home sleeping
so this is coffee and games with Jack
Jack solo stream oh this is easy this is
great this is great we're just gonna
punch this guy
it's got jumps he's gonna try to jump on
my building I'm just gonna punch him
dead great then we are going to block
you from coming up and moving closer on
this guy so as soon as this guy pops up
I'm just gonna be dead a little bit
closer so we'll just just gang up on
this guy
Jack and games with Guffey absolutely I
got into half of my whole I have my
giant coffee craft here oh hey oh he
went that he jumped over me
that son of a bitch that son of a bitch
did he screw me now he did knocks for me
he's only one help them they look a
little bad take care of him
oh no I can't
all right easy-peasy done it did it dude
it's jacks time to shine absolutely you
get nothing but me goodbye
can your Mex walk in water they just
can't yes your Mex can go in water but
if you're in water they can't shoot if
you knock a bug into water it kills them
immediately so that's that's always a
strategy is is just to push the bug into
something like a water to you know to do
extra damage later other mecha builds
you can actually have flying mechs that
means you can hover over water and still
shoot and stuff so that's always good
let's see here a haggard blaggards says
our LM wouldn't be a thing without you
jack
don't tell rich I said that though I
disagree I I think I'd contribute to our
LM but they would be fine without in
fact they are they have several shows
without me and they're just fine but I
still like being on best of emotion so
science aliens yes science aliens easy
it looks like too easy to me I've only
played a couple times normal difficulty
much like FTL is really fucking hard
easy so far it's kind it a little too
easy so I I don't know if that just
means I'm ready for normal but I want to
play a little bit more uneasy first just
so I can make sure that I understand all
the mechanics maybe unlock a little a
little more stuff
we got a smoke mortar our Tillery shot
that applies smoke and pushes two
adjacent tiles into okay
and I've reactor core so oh that's good
so reactor cores are how we update stuff
yeah think about this like an FTL the
the reactor so if we look here at our
weapons reactor cores can get us stuff
like extra health airplane extra
movement extra health extra movement
extra damage if we have enough of them
whew this is important this is really
important huh
pardon me pardon me I thought Jack was
going to be beating his head against
that spire game some more yeah I'm
taking a little sting a little spire
break we're gonna wait wait so I don't
get frustrated with it all right so this
is really important
this artillery missile pushes in four
directions and if I get buildings immune
it means exactly what the picture is
showing here I can shoot to add a
building and push enemies away from them
so I am definitely that's gonna be a
first upgrade
alright I think I'm gonna go for extra
stars you can kind of choose like you
know here you get you get a power grid
but I'm only down one here's extra stars
and here's extra stars destroy the dam
defend this oh I've done that before I
good I'll do defend a satellite launches
with no rich it is safe to use
headphones I hope throught most likely
most likely I'm not I'm not prone to big
exaggerated bursts of loudness so here's
hoping spread them out
a freer Xtreme that Eastern Europeans
can actually catch absolutely I I like
these morning streams I'm usually
playing games at this time of day anyway
and if I don't have anything to edit I'm
gonna try to do more of these morning
streams just because I think they're
nice
no cough button though I know I need a I
need a hot key actually there's probably
a mute hockey
my hockey that's my
or how I do that
I'm sure in here somewhere there's just
like a button that you can press to mute
but I don't got it I could have just
went and went over here and you did that
I'm sure it looks great
that was me coughing but you couldn't
hear all right great here we go
so you're mostly editing full-time
what's you edit yeah I I'm a when when
I'm not making videos with rlm I am a
freelance video producer and editor it's
mostly commercial work it's you know a
business wants a video to use on their
social media platforms of like okay we
just need a video of how great our
building looks and our service is and we
want it to be slow-mo and have some
titles pop up it's all like that kind of
bullshit that you see on Facebook when a
business is like check out our new thing
and it's just a short little 15-second
looping video that's the kind of work
that I do
that sounds horrible I'm sure
Oh extreme settle down green-screen
settled up hey settle down green-screen
it likes me right here if I if I go too
far forward it doesn't like that it
likes me right here okay great
have I made any commercials you would
recognize her you know probably probably
not I don't know I probably shouldn't
talk about the businesses I've worked
with but it's it's a lot of like local
businesses it's it's some some bigger
ones some commercials that have ended up
on TV but mostly it's just online videos
like a company wants there like
introduction video that you fall on when
you go to their website like that
hey this is us and this is what we're
all about and you know it's all it's all
great and so I that's what I do
full-time okay so this bug is gonna jump
on this missile and this bug is going to
yeah that's what I do with my with my
time is shoot and edit videos which is
why which is why I did eventually make
the jump to the new Panasonic camera
look I just got up I just got a cage for
it I don't know if you guys can see I
got I got a cage for that comes with I
got
- thought that so now I can like attach
all sorts of stuff to the side of it
it's putting that together I'll get in
the stream ready today really excited
but every every business that I work for
they want 4k and they want slow-mo
everyone wants slow-mo everything so
getting the gh 5 which has amazing
slow-mo capabilities but
yeah this is what lightning fast repair
is all about will work for you to make
your VHS better oh yes
shoot him so now look now this bug is
going to jump into the water killing him
ha ha this bug I can punish the death so
let's do that we want biscuit in slo-mo
I'll see what I can do there's a blue
green screen yeah here my green screen
is it's my fold-up green screen it's
just like a laying against my wall and
so I'm sure like I'm just using the
sunlight right now so I'm sure hold on
let's see what I can do to fix that
sure
so there's the green screen it actually
looks pretty it's pretty good here I do
that
and that
I don't know why it's it must be if the
camera must be like Otto doing something
when I leave in what works no I'll just
try not to lean forward too much that's
the only thing I can do
that's the only thing I can do is try
not to move too much whereas the
green-screen gonna freak the flick out
you're diggin the score to this game
absolutely abso-fucking-lutely Ben Ben
Ben 20 the same guy who did the FTL
soundtrack nailed it again with this
score it's just it's just something that
I could listen to all the darn time a
lot we're gonna fix this green screen
here
that's better right we good we did it
but yeah I really recommend the
soundtrack for a lot of time a lot of
talking stuff all over the place
this head of jump kind of jump into this
shit
oh he's not jumping unintentional
strategy yes unintentional strategy so
what just happened there is the bug that
was there was on top of an emerging bug
and if you block an emerging bug from
coming up and deals you one damage so
that ended up killing the bug strats mad
strats oh I'm gonna do the same thing
I'm just gonna do the same fucking thing
this rocket is about to launch my guys
are safe I'm gonna move this guy here so
he's gonna spit onto nothing and then
block this bug be a punk and I'll move
this that closer just so he's ready to
go great have you guys recorded the new
episode at all we are recording tomorrow
we are recording the new episode
tomorrow today after this morning stream
I'm actually heading down to Chicago for
a little bit and so I'm gone the rest of
the day but tomorrow afternoon we are
recording the metal gear survived
episode which I'm really excited to talk
about god oh man I got some shit to say
about metal gear survived
and so I'll record that on Friday get
everything and get a little editing done
over the weekend probably have it out by
like Tuesday next Wednesday so
EU friendly yes welcome welcome to the
stream we I'm really enjoying this game
nice and simple strategy
yeah these fuckers I'm just gonna come
up that's gonna be fine I just let them
how long does it usually take to edit an
episode um 30 ish hours to edit a full
episode of prereq it's it's all ish cuz
probably all in like if we're talking
setup teardown shooting the episode
importing editing the episode exporting
maybe about 35 to 40 hours and generally
maybe some episodes I can get done in 20
I think the sleigh the spire episode I
got done in 20 because it was pretty
short and the longer we've been doing it
the faster it goes because we kind of
know what stays in the episode but it's
it's intense you know it's it's three
cameras there's a lot of talking there
we talk in each episode we talked for
over an hour about the game and I end up
cutting it down to you know 20 30
minutes
so it's it's a lot more work intensive
than most people
it's gonna be great
we got the magistratus here okay so this
guy he's gonna come over here he's gonna
punch that dude because you remember
that dude means all the other dudes
explode then this tank is gonna come
over here and shoot this guy who will
then knock into this guy killing them
both mad strats mAbs drats
shot reverse shot well and it's gotten
more intense since we have three cameras
because you know like when you're
editing it's not just about like putting
the camera on who's talking you have to
craft the conversation and then
sometimes someone will have a good
reaction to something sometimes you want
to go the wide because you know we're
making big movements there there's a lot
of thought involved in how you edit an
episode even though it's a relatively
simple setup this is FTL chess master
Pooh that's a really good way to put it
absolutely
I always wondered about that video well
and you know the other the other part of
editing that takes a long time is
logging all of the gameplay footage
where
I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you
my Metal Gear survival footage folder
the only footage that's in my metal gear
Servine folder right now is gameplay
footage
that much great so right now I have a
hundred and twenty seven gigs of
gameplay footage in the Metal Gear
Solid's survive folder 127 gigs and
that's only at 7 there's a cat outside
that's only at 720 so that's but 810
hours worth of footage that's 8 to 10
hours of footage that I then need to
sort through and put markers in for
anything that we talked about so after
we do the episode I have to go through
all of that footage again and say oh
here's where we talk about the base
building here's where we talk about the
combat here's where we talking about the
editing right editing know here's where
we talk about the enemies is what I want
it to say and so they're you know a lot
of editing is just going through the
footage and making notes so that when we
start talking about in the episode I can
put the right clip to the right thing
right we're doing great let's let's do
this because we're doing pretty good on
the power grid and so I want to get as
many stars as I possibly can hi Steve
Zuzu
how many mispronunciations from rich are
edited out several I'm a lot more
lenient with missus with Rich's
mispronunciation and so I'll if he does
it while we're talking I'll tell him to
do it over again and you know actually
edited out of the episode
when rich stamped you at the end of the
pixels review were your guts sausage or
something else they were sausage
they were sausage I would like to think
that my character just got done eating
all of that sausage but it was clearly
sausage
okay let's see what clicked out of this
where are we here we got ores one five
one five who says hijack have been a big
fan of you guys but I'm pretty sure that
this is my first stream well welcome
I ever caught live since I live in Hong
Kong anyway keep up the good work and
have this tip for me thank you thank
yours and mummy buddy one one one one
one one says Jack are you a drip coffee
guy espresso mocha pop French press
grind your beans fresh what are we
talking here so I grind my beans fresh
every day I got a grinder I got a burr
grinder which doesn't it's not like a
spinning blade it actually crushes the
beans and so you get a nice uniform
grind and I use drip or a pour-over I
use a pour-over method that's my big ass
coffee pod day so I don't need to get up
and that's what I make every morning I
make a big old pot of pour over coffee
and if you do it right I have a nice
gooseneck kettle a nice gooseneck peddle
you do it you do it nice and slow and
even you get an incredibly smooth roast
okay I need to destroy the damn and end
with less with less than four MEK damage
I can do that
maximum over hipster abso-fucking-lutely
cuz it's the best coffee I'll take it
I'll take hipster
oh they're really they're both attacking
my dude here it's just a free shot then
so I wanted to try that damn because
that gives me a bonus star and both of
these bugs are attacking my dude which
means that I don't have to worry about
attacking them necessarily this turn I
can punch the dam and destroy it right
away
this guy could fire on that bug and will
kill one bug and then I'm gonna move
this guy to safety over here
oh shit that's fine the only problem is
now that he's the only one over here to
defend these guys and he's arranged and
these bugs can fly over water that might
have screwed me but we'll see we'll see
great great
and some coffee is the bane of this
world I don't know anything about
instant coffee
it's okay we can take a hit
much
Fred crud crud
and this game seems to take after front
mission a lot have you ever played those
games maybe even advanced Wars I've
played a little bit of advanced wars
wasn't necessarily my thing but I played
a little bit of it
oh he's gonna kill me crap oh crap oh
crap we have a bit of a conundrum here
this guy who I believe is our exploding
guy
this guy is our explody guy and so I
need to kill him
which I can but he has new webbed up but
if I shoot him he's gonna get pushed
back here explode and do one damage we
don't want that this guy can move over
here hit this push both of these guys
away so they won't damage those
buildings but this fucker and I can't
get to him with my shooting guy let's do
what I know we can right away I got that
building immediately upgraded good so
now this Hornet is not going to attack
that building which is great this Hornet
isn't going to do any damage
oh sorry I can turn my my phone alert
off what do we do here what we do here
and this guy can't
help in time bunny can move closer I
wonder
okay here's my plan here's my plan so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna punch my
friend and due to damage so then my
friend can kill the exploding guy that's
my plan
so now my friend can come here and kill
the exploding I don't want to go on top
of this ah nice so now no building is
getting hurt and none of my guys are
getting hurt he's down too so we gotta
we gotta play it cool but we're holding
on we're holding on here it's gonna be
fine we're gonna make it we're gonna
make it oh you idiots this great
great great when do you win the battle
up here we have to if you see up here we
have a two turns to win and what we need
to do is certainly have to survive those
and keep our power grid at something and
you know we're doing pretty good you
know it's almost full all right we can
do this
we do here we can do this what can we do
this is the only question that matters
so what I'm thinking is I take this guy
right here
move him here hit the building which
will push this guy away so he won't
attack the building it'll push my guy
into this guy doing one damage to this
guy and one damage to me but also
freeing me from the web he comes in
kills another one of these guys maybe I
guess we're taking damage we're taking
damage no matter what
you'll have to come here
kill this guy and you have to punch one
of these guys who are gonna have you
punch this one right
only one more round only one more
well welcome Master Kenobi glad you
could make a live stream again
appreciate it
I did take for Mac and damage so I
didn't get that secondary star which is
a shame but it's gonna be fine for doing
okay we're gonna do okay that's what you
do they're all attacking him the one
weird thing about this game as far as
strategy is concerned is you have to
move first and then attack and I want to
say in other games like this you could
attack first and then move you get like
one point of movement one point of
attack that doesn't really matter which
in which order you take them in which i
think is strange in this game that you
have to move first and once you attack
you can't move
I think that's weird but this is the
live show of previously recorded it is
true it's previously recorded live
welcome
welcome welcome glad to see you glad
you're here
everything's great okay so punch this
dude which frees up my tank my tank can
move over here to out of the attack hit
this dude who hits this dude he comes
over here hits this dude we all win
everyone's happy punch a dude moving hit
no no no no no okay yeah so you know you
you gotta be careful you gotta you know
do all the rules so my gun not only does
damage but it pushes adjacent tiles
which means I if I would shoot this bug
I would push the b1 tile this way and he
would do attack on the power grid bad
moves but I can hit the B Oh actually
actually I can shoot here knock the B
into the bug killing them both
magistrate's kill all the bugs met rats
I should have repaired the tank now I
kill them all I killed all the bugs and
killing the bug this gets you experience
points
so is this also part of Starship
Troopers I don't know I don't think they
were giant mechs in Starship Troopers so
this is more like the like Pacific Rim
Pacific Rim even though there's bugs
wait that was great
alright so yeah this is the thing and we
only did we could only do four of them
and now a fifth one defend the corporate
HQ this is the boss level of the island
how does my streaming gaming schedule
work with family life you know kids are
at school so I'm streaming well you know
when I'm when I'm at home either people
have to be out of the house or I have to
start very late after people are
sleeping cuz I don't want to bother them
I don't want to inconvenience them I
don't want to have them have to be you
know quiet in the background or I go to
the studio that's how it works
that's how it works destroy the Scorpion
Leda I still got five hours of gaming
left until the kids are out right
sometimes that's what it's about that
that'll give kind of maximum movement
what I'm hoping here wait how do you
move three what I'm hoping here is you
know this is the big bad boss but he's
right around some water so if you
depending on which direction he goes I
might be able to just push the boss into
water and end the boss real quick
that's kind of my hope
the Jack wins late aspire yet I did not
know you can jump mother trucker oh you
just jack
this isn't gonna work out
I wanted it to work out
our IP plan a absolutely absolutely our
IP plan a
I get you know I even forget that I can
just walk over water
I just can't fight in there so like to
me I was thinking the boss would have to
go around the water but you can walk
through water and do a lot of damage
that's only one power grid so it's not
the worst if we lose a power grid
okay okay okay okay all right all right
all right all right all right
new plan if I punch the boss knocking
the boss nope nope that's bad plan
that's a bad plan
to do this guy he's got kill my dude
bugs okay okay okay okay
what can we do here
okay so crud crud crud you can take more
of a hit I'm gonna lose my dude I don't
want to lose my dude
purple skull what is that that's the
boss this is the scorpion leader so I
need to destroy him for a bonus star and
I need to protect the corporate Tower
which I assume is this big tower looking
thing and I don't think there's a way
out of this I can shoot this guy and get
him to move which is great I can come
over here
punch him which might free this dude all
right I got a plan I got a plan it's not
a very good plan but let's see if it
works what I'm thinking is take care of
this bug now he won't attack that
building if we punch him nope nope damn
it didn't work everything failed
ah let's reset let's reset which is
something you can do uneasy dammit
that didn't work run failed fuck what I
was hoping is that by punching the boss
and making him slam into my tank that
that would free my tank from the webbing
so my tank could go over here shoot his
missile at the building moving this guy
out of the way and I would only take one
damage instead of to the artillery Bob
can't shoot one space away it needs to
be at least two spaces away so the
artillery bot can not shoot
the mood the boss right now
and so there is no way we're saving this
building this building is dying and it
also looks like my artillery tank is
dying right which is gonna have to be
fine we're just gonna have to deal with
that
and do as much damage as we can
here you can punch this dude am i doing
it up here and hit him again but then
he's gonna get hit for two so this guy
is basically useless at the moment
well my attila artillery can do there's
a couple options here i can either shoot
right here doing one damage to the boss
or kill this little bead guy i guess i'm
gonna kill the bee guy because
you guys I can kill later actually I'm
gonna do one damage to the boss cuz this
guy's dead there's nothing I can do
about that
let's go punch the beat guy fucking
fucking fucking
okay
gosh dang it
and you just got a husk here
and I can't punch in water very
upsetting
so what are we gonna do
do that and just take another take
another power grid loss and we're gonna
block this guy from coming up gosh dang
it it looks like it's not going so great
it's nothing we were we were having a
pretty easy run until right now and now
we're kind of fubar oh Jesus and we're
super far away from where they're moving
oh god everything's everything's wrong
everything's wrong there's nothing we
can do everyone's gonna die crap on a
stick just darn it darn it darn it yeah
that's what I say 72 casualty we just
lost a lot of people might be able
actually to do something
nope nope nope we lost everything's
terrible
fuck fuck fuck
you jump in you're doing that and we can
go over here punch this dude this guy
gets free we can clear that dude but
then these two go hi
everything's terrible everything's
terrible about this room and this is
uneasy Oh until it didn't
people are dying I know I know I fail
people are dying and I failed I'm so
sorry everyone pale
the light is making me look extra pale
it is like I don't I don't feel like the
white balance properly
Oh
Oh
oh that looks better
that's better I feel like that's better
let's just keep playing that sucks so
much
okay so now that the island is secured
we can spend our reputation all these
stars that we heard we spend on upgrades
so these are your reactors these are the
power grid which I need to buy at least
a couple and then there are weapons that
we can buy
no other one you have
like explodes killing self nope
blue I've had that one before
I don't like that one this one's really
good if I group them all together they
start with a movement is there no
permadeath in this game there is if you
die you have to start over and you
time-travel you get to keep one person
time travel
this is a good upgrades my current
weapon
but I feel like it would be useless at
the moment I'd rather have this path
there we go all right that all fella
keep us working for a little bit
that'll keep us moving I'll give you the
passive
spend some money to make
all right
so you get to choose what Island you
want to do when when you first play the
game you have to go grass
desert ice toxic but you can do them in
any order I guess I'll just do them in
order now just you know cuz why not what
well you can't do them in any order can
it turn down the game music plays I can
pour some coffee
Lauren coffee more coffee
Kenshin down the game music how do you
feel about that for game sound how do
you feel about that
jack-bots says the stream was started
six minutes and 11 seconds ago I think
hack bot is a little confused
I think hack bond is a little confused
Oh
Darth Darth tmesis hello jack just a
question we know that rich has done some
voice acting have you thought about
using your voice like that or for
commercial purposes or maybe you have
already I have thought about it I
actually use my own voice for voiceovers
a lot if a client asks for a voice over
so I have used my voice before in voice
overs my personal favorite is the gruff
cowboy voice where it's just like the
trees our blowing in the wind and the
earth says hello again which is you know
like they a lot of a lot of times you
know people want like the when the when
the farmer wakes up in the morning and
greets the pasture the cows know it's
time that's that's just I'm making it up
but you know they they want like a
somber and like sober voice and so I use
that voice a lot for my voiceovers just
because it works with the clients button
it sounds like a coffee commercial
exactly with freshly roasted beans you
can guarantee quality if you choose a
quality provider but uh
so I've done I've done that a little bit
of that I actually did some for the next
season of too loud that cartoon that
rich was on I got to do a voice for the
next season which I'm pretty excited
about and yeah some I'm interested in
getting to I know I wanna I want to
check it out that audible like do a do
an audiobook I think that'd be fun
witches sister was talking about that
doing an being a voice for an audiobook
I think that would be needed rich was on
a cartoon rich is a voice in in nikko
Cola
are tuned to loud which you can find on
DreamWorks YouTube channel DreamWorks is
YouTube channel and and I am in the
second season as a couple voices which
is fun too loud that's right t oo loud
all right well we need all the lightning
we can get
so yeah it's something I would be
interested in but I don't know if I will
be able to do it but it'll be fun but
it's again just like can I find the time
can I find the time to do it the answer
is maybe cat hair
you should be the narrator of darkest
dungeon - right there can be no bravery
without madness
the old road will take you to hell but
in that gaping abyss we will find a
Redemption I'm available I'm available
for work
if I ever have time alright we can punch
him and we can shoot him off yeah yeah
what do you do it's a passive oh yeah we
gotta kill you punch that mother shoot
that mother and let's double shoot that
mother so what you'll notice here is
this tank this mech died last mission
and so over here you'll see it is now
controlled by an AI and AI units you
know you can still use your tank but
they don't gain experience points like
your pilot's do and the more experience
points your pilots gain the more skills
they get so the AI unit is just a robot
it's not going to help you out anything
is this Jax first time playing into the
breach no I played a bit yesterday I got
I thought I would just check it out
yesterday and like oh maybe I'll play a
couple hours and I ended up playing like
five or six hours yesterday because it's
a really great
so yes I would be in the world boys
absolutely I'll take it can you get new
pilots yes yes you can they can come in
those palms if you remember that table
to drop down and gave me some bonuses
you can buy them in shops at the end of
each level so there there is a
possibility to receive pilots where you
go jump on this guy you are gonna attack
that guy okay this is a dust cloud down
here it'll tell you you know we got all
the way there's a dust cloud and if you
look right here it says units in smoke
cannot attack or repair and so you need
to be cautious maneuvering this work
it's a little extra fun because
oh this is where we get to be this is
where we get to be fun and smart so all
of our weapons also push the bad guys
and while the fists the punching mech
does two damage each of these guys only
do one damage so what we're going to do
is have a little fun we are going to
move this guy over here we're gonna
shoot this bug which pushes him over to
this tile then when the punching that
comes over here I'm gonna punch this bug
into this bug doing another damage and
then my artillery is gonna come in and
finish no no no no no no no no no not
the button I wanted to press and finish
the job God also make sure you press the
right button rule number one press the
right button not the end turn button
no then the map never gets bigger by the
way it's like it's always this grid what
is it 8x8
it's an 8x8 grid
yeah I did see that video of the weird
lights over Milwaukee last night we had
we took a little break from shooting
last night and watch the video of the
strange lights over Milwaukee that were
caught by the the news cam two theories
one is it was some space debris that was
breaking up in the atmosphere so we got
like little you know a little light show
theory number two is it is a viral
marketing ploy by Fox 6 News to drum up
some interest in their online videos
those are my two theories okay
Oh you fuckwad you absolute fuckwad
Oh son of a bitch
punch the mountain I could punch the
mountain but I don't think that'll do
enough damage I could punch him which
would then damage the emergency
batteries which is what I need to
protect in order to get that lightning
wait wait
all is saved all the saved this guy is
gonna shoot the mountain then this guy
can come over here
punch him into the mountain fine
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine
everything's gonna be fine punch the
mountain
this guy comes over here punches him
gotta take a moment gotta take a moment
think about stuff it's fine everything's
gonna be fine we're gonna move him a
little bit closer so he can maneuver
better if I move him here he can move
her all over the place
great everything's great everything's
great
everything's great everything's great
Jack it's 1:00 a.m. here and I'm
thinking if I should sleep or stay awake
for the stream that's entirely up to you
I can just make that decision I don't
know what you have to do tomorrow but
I'll be playing this i'll stream unless
you know we feel like doing some slave
Aspire I'm probably only gonna stream
for another hour or so it's 11 o'clock
so I'm probably only gonna scream for
another hour if that helps your
decision-making
can you use any USBC charger for the
switch commission yes yeah you can use
any USBC charger for the switch I don't
know if you can use like USB to HDMI to
you know make it go into any hu man but
just for charging yeah I have a generic
battery core and USBC connector that I
use when I'm on the go for the switch so
alright
oh we got two bugs I got two bugs
- bugs so we can punch this bug away oh
no oh no okay alright we're fine
so here's what we're gonna do we can't
kill both of these bugs because we don't
have the firepower but we can push them
we can push them around so we're gonna
move this guy here
we're going to push this guy away so now
he is gonna be attacking this square and
not my batteries and then we are going
to punch this guy away
so he'll attack his friend haha oh
actually we can get some bonus oh no
that won't even do any good like
experience points for my a I won't doing
it good but we could kill one if we
wanted to but I guess it doesn't really
matter it just doesn't matter they're
not gonna hurt any of my buildings
yeah why wait why waste to kill on the
AI we got that bonus energy that was
important get rebuilding this power grid
is super important we lost a lot last
one so I just wanted oh hey one of our
pilots got promoted so we get plus 3
grid defense so here our grid defense is
18% this is the percentage chance any
building will resist damage understood
great great let's get more lightning
more lightning metal Kaden yes I am
enjoying the game so far it's you know
it's a bit of a gear shift from FTL it's
very different but it is intense in very
short bursts it's very um what eco
addicting it's very addicting you just
want to keep playing keep playing so
that's the good news
I'd love to take this on the go get it
on iPad
if you think the battle is unwinnable
can you back out and choose another
region I don't think so
I think once you choose a region that's
that's the battle I will double-check
this time we'll see if there's a way to
back out my beard looks great it doesn't
look great in this light button we'll
see how it looks some on camera I feel
like it's getting bigger it doesn't look
super big in super great in this light
but hey it's gonna be fine where we're
trying we're gonna try to grow it out
see what happens I want to cluster them
all together for the time being because
if they are all together we get a bonus
movement for our first turn which will
be helpful
okay so
don't let the volatile Veck die and
protect the power generator all right
interesting interesting so if we don't
want to kill this guy which is fine you
can work with that
you we can kill them
get a bonus star if we keep him alive
and so I'm just pushing him away from
the other buildings Jack if there's one
game I recommend you give a chance when
the new Jurassic world movie comes out
for the stream it's the SNES hidden gem
Jurassic Park to the chaos continues
alright that's fair
yeah it's fungi get fungi
it's your movement 302 all right I think
we can do this I think I got a plan so
that work yes that will work if I shoot
this bug it will knock my tank out of
his clutches and knock this rock into
the big guy right nice
then this tank can come over here shoot
this rock into this guy killing him
boom and then this guy would just punch
which you know it's not super exciting
but you know punch of the punch take it
take it well take that's a win that's a
win we'll take it you should play you
should just play every game ever made I
should I know I'm working on it listen
thousands of hours of me playing
hundreds of games I'm working on it
yes Jack I just bought this game I was
fully expecting to see you guys on it
how do you like it we we like it a lot I
was talking to the rich a little bit
about it last night he he's slacking in
getting some more hours in metal gear
survive because this game came out but
he promised me he'd get a few more hours
into metal gear survive so we could do
an episode on it I don't think there is
actually enough to talk about in this
game to do a full episode on because
it's all very basic simple strategy it's
just a really good presentation of it so
after a few more hours we'll know if we
can do a full episode on it but I should
probably pay attention jack is my first
dream hello Magnus
$3.99 welcome welcome to your first
dream early morning stream let's see
here Burger King diamond says I watched
a sci-fi noir called primal scream
recently and it's incoherence is on par
with samurai cop that is very surprising
and Miami connection it was made
sometime in the 80s and it's only
available on VHS now you talked it oh
yeah let me look that up real quick cuz
that sounds that sounds like it's got
the makings for a fun addition to our
library I guess we could quick app it's
talked about into the breach
VHS ooh that looks great
all right I got a save I'll check it out
later thank you for the zip all right
what are we gonna do here what are we
gonna do here all right this fuck this
fuck we want to keep alive is he gonna
kill me no he's not gonna kill me that's
fine we could punch this fuck and then
hit him Oh even better even better okay
so this fuck is gonna do one damage to
me which I'm just gonna take I'm just
gonna take one damage because we don't
want to hurt him cuz that'll get us the
bonus star this fuck over here has three
help so we're gonna punch him which
would push him over there then I could
kill him which would be nice or I can
push him so he blocks the next guy from
coming up and dies as he blocks which
means one less guy to deal with next
turn and he's dead strats mad strats
whoo it's great great and like I could
hate him I guess but doesn't really
matter
I want to keep him alive and I want to
if I have to hit him next turn I want to
make sure he has that health to keep him
alive suckas sucka duck a''s yes he's
gonna hit my other eyes he's fine he's
fine everything's fine
and you see them again
won't really matter for one is fine
that's fine we want we want that's fine
just had my first victory says movie
extravaganza for into the breach so much
fun where does rich fall on the game he
must love it right yes riches is
obsessed I know he's trying to work his
way through the first Dishonored game
right now but the game comes up and you
just want to play it you just want to
play it joke ignored the feeling is
mutual
sorry if you've made a joke I didn't see
it is your joke the the jay-z lyrics you
got you have Veck problems I feel bad
for you son
I've gotten 99 problems but a breach
ain't one I mean just throwing out some
jay-z which is great that's always
appreciated thank you sorry I missed
your joke earlier
is dishonored worth playing this day and
age rich think so rich really liz is
really enjoying Dishonored we I mean we
both really like Dishonored 2 and rich
just kind of wanted to check out the
first one and is enjoying it he he
considers it to be the spiritual
successor to the the thief series and so
he's having a great time playing
dishonored 1 but unfortunately for work
he has to play a metal gear survive
unfortunately anyone who's played Metal
Gear survives know why I'm saying
unfortunately but I I really enjoyed
this honor - I don't necessarily feel
compelled to play dishonored 1 but I
know rich likes I have to go for more
lightning because power grid is what's
important we've we've raised our power
grid pretty decently but I have to go
for more lightning and then next round
I'll go for 2 stars and a core lightning
it is oh this is like an easy level
because all these buildings have shields
which means they can take a hit without
being damaged
why does rich I have to play Metal Gear
Solid because we're doing an episode on
it and I told him he has to play it so
so sometimes we gotta play games we
don't necessarily want to play because
we're doing episodes on them a lot of
people are talking about Metal Gear
survive there are some interesting
things to talk about with Metal Gear
survive it'll make them for a good
episode
and it just came out last week and so
making sure we're somewhat relevant is
important early morning Jack how's it
going it's going great it's going great
I feel good isn't it's almost afternoon
for me but we're feeling good I'm
feeling this game
yeah it's his homework assignment
absolutely
oh great so this is really important by
the way so if you see these tiles that
have the funny the funny squiggle line
on them and that means that this tile
will become a chasm at the start of the
enemy turn which basically just means
it's gonna fall off the grid so this
dummy who's attacking me is going to
fall and up here an important part of
the game is it actually gives you the
attack order so we know that
environmental damage is happening first
before the enemy attacks and so that bug
is going to fall so I don't have to
worry about that bug hurting me which
means that I can move my tank here to
pick up the pod without dealing with any
of the negative effects and this guy can
punch this guy and everything's fine
he's not gonna do no he's not gonna do
no harm and then I probably want to move
him back here so he has a bigger range
of motion he know he's a long distance
shooter but just making sure he's on the
right grid cuz he only shoots in
straight lines so but now he has a full
range of motion to shoot in great great
and in turn
yes hi bug
all right same things happening here
which means that if I can push a bug on
to these tiles it's a man this is why
this is like a level on easy this is
crazy
I probably want to do okay so here's
what we're gonna do with this guy this
guy we are going to push him onto the
falling tile
I'm actually going to move my big guy
over here to deal with this shit oh I
should actually you know what let's be
super smart about this and move him on
to this tile and then this tank is going
to shoot this box
great great great great I'm gonna block
this guy from coming up I'll take one
damage but you know an enemy not coming
up means that one less enemy to deal
with Bob ugh did they place the bugs
just these bugs just to show you the
mechanic know our bugs are randomly
placed but and apparently this at level
is just on easy this level does have a
very low bonus like I only get one
lightning for this level and the more
bonus is usually the more difficult the
level is and so I just think this is an
easy level which you know it's fine I'm
gonna take that I'm gonna take that win
just gonna take that win and will the
building fall nexor I hope not but I
don't actually know I think the building
space-time okay great great that was
easy
easy-peasy man
Thai curry Thai curry says I dig that
when you lose you just open a time rift
and keep a pilot kind of needs ya and
you do get a little attached to some
pilots which I'm sure squirrel squirrel
outside you get a little attached to
some pilots which I'm sure is one of
those one of those things where you know
you can name your pilot's a pilot would
be great nope
reactor core that's fine
can anyone use a reactor core oh we can
we can up some more help or we can wait
for another reactor core and gets an
extra damage to the cannons or extra
movement like all these upgrades are
really wait do I have
did I get you
I could have sold that
huh oh well all right let's give let's
give you the power and give you some
extra health and then let's take on this
one because this will give us two stars
and a a what I call it core a reactor
core
you got it when you retrieve the oh did
I oh shit I could have sold that cuz I'm
not gonna use that but this is a high
threat detected and we have a lot of
missions here defend the earth mover
kill at least five enemies and protect
the robotics lab when you were in
Seattle did you get to try any of our
delicious teriyaki I did not we we went
out to a couple of restaurants when I
was in Seattle but I don't remember
specifically in a teriyaki we went to a
meat place that gave us like an entire
pig head it was like a smokehouse and it
held approximately eight people inside
it was very very tiny and it was one of
those restaurants that were you can like
the kitchen took up 60% of the
restaurant and you could see the entire
kitchen and they just locked down an
entire pig face right on our plate and
it was great I don't remember where it
was or what it was called but it great
all right we got to protect this thing
we got to protect this thing and we have
to kill five enemies we can do that
we can do that was it cute it was
delicious the guy slams down the pig
face and he's like make sure you guys
get some cheek apparently the cheek was
the best part of the pig it was it was
very good but no jack eating a pig head
does not surprise me it was it was
delicious
pigs are delicious animals I there's
nothing I can do about that pigs are
delicious animals every part of them
enjoying it yes I'm enjoying the game a
lot quite a bit all right excuse me for
just one moment I'm gonna take a little
break here fill up my water and and then
keep going again I'm gonna mute the mic
just in case I'm also going to turn off
my camera
are you guys discussing veganism in the
chat you guys are weird
you guys are very very strange nothing
wrong with veganism nothing wrong with
vegetarianism people you get to make
your own life choices and if you decide
that you want to you know only eat
plants or or not eat meat or not eat you
know beef whatever whatever it's all
your decision we have an activist on
Chad that's fine man just don't don't
push it on to other people you want to
be vegan you be vegan man you do it you
do it alright let's let's keep going
let's keep Rocking
I only eat meat cheese and potatoes meat
cheese and sadism
ah there fucker you can sit on him
jumping on him you're hitting him
what can we do here who are you hitting
gosh
diggity dang it
all right I could
all right if he if I if I use him to hit
this rock it'll knock him into this rock
doing one damage to him and destroying
this rock then I'm a punchy guy no then
he might be able to come and shoot him
all right I think I got a plan I think I
got a plan we're gonna see if it works
nice
there's gonna work it's gonna work
so then this dude right here goes way
over here kills those two bugs
and go here punches him out of the way
he doesn't hurt land mover boom boom
Shakalaka boom Shakalaka let's see here
a bad gamer Korean says thanks for the
Euro stream Jack it snowed here in
Ireland highly unusual and Dublin has
shut down completely coming from New
York
this isn't much snow at all but they're
not used to it I guess
absolutely like if there's frost in
Southern California the entire city
shuts down they freak out they're not
used to it that's fair
alright great
we did it one turn at a time take one
turn at a time here
crap a doodle
back chasms into normal ground alright
alright Jack growing up on a farm did
you eat anything you named no you never
named the animals you're going to eat
that's rule number one of being on a
farm
never ever name the animals you are
going to eat silly
here's what we're gonna do
we're gonna punch this guy which will
break this rock this tank is gonna drive
over here shoot this guy which will
break that rock this guy is going to
shoot this time moving him over here so
he doesn't hit anything it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great yeah great so
now he's gonna shoot a mountain we can
deal with that only ones coming up yeah
we got this we got this we got this
these Bessie steaks are great right you
know
the the farm I grew up on had animals
when I was very young they did get rid
of the animals as I got older so we
didn't have many animals so I that was
never really a concern of mine but when
you grow up just in farm country in
general you kind of know that you kind
of know the drill but you know growing
up in farm country being a butcher later
really to me the important part of good
meats or sustainable meat or however you
want to say it is just knowing where it
comes from and so you know talking with
your meat people your butcher is to say
hey where is this cow from like is is it
from a place I can visit can you tell me
if it is you know pacts together with a
hundred other cows and in terrible
conditions because that's not bad just
bad for the cows that's bad for the meat
and that's bad for the community so just
knowing where your meat come from is I
think they're important that to me is
more important than than anything else
what do we want to do here
alright here's my plan here's my plan of
attack if I punch this guy over here
no that's a bad plan that's a bad plan I
shoot this guy to this tile then punch
this guy into him now then he still gets
shot I still doing only one damage it's
fine
I can take one damage
on this tile
shoot him over there go here punch him
oh actually now we can take care of it
boom block him from coming up he'll come
up try to do some damage we're gonna end
up we're gonna end him it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great
as if caring what condition it was
murdered and makes you a better person I
don't care about the murder and I don't
care about like the condition of the
murder I care about the condition of the
food that I'm going to consume like the
cow's diet turns into my diet the cow
being in unstable conditions could mean
that the meat is no good if you have a
cow that has too much antibiotics that
can get into my body I don't care that's
murder murder is food for me to me it's
about the the way it was treated because
I'm about to put that food in my body
that's a very different scenario it
doesn't make me a better person
it makes me conscientious of what I put
into my body that's the important part
no one what you put in a body this isn't
this isn't a get out of murder free card
it's the circle of life it's the circle
of life
abso-fucking-lutely it's about yes thank
you mega Alexander it's about quality
not ethics in my in my murder meal
Thanks
all right we're coming back oh hey we
got to promote it one MEC moving nice
interesting so okay so I have I have a
core now and so if I wanted to I could
forego actually yeah I think I do want
to do that I'm gonna give you a core I'm
gonna forego a health because you can
change this at any time and give you one
extra damage so now we only have three
health but we do two damage which I feel
could be could turn the tide in battle
more than having that two extra health
that's what I'm hoping
right here we go here we go we can do
this
classic blob monster here you shoot it
it turns into two smaller blob monsters
issued it it turns into two smaller blob
monsters we got to protect the corporate
tower and we got to destroy the goo we
can do that we can do that all walk and
roll I do need to buy eggs thank you
I absolutely need to buy eggs all the
time all the eggs
interesting see if I wanted to I could
put my punching back here punch him into
the water not deal with the enemy at all
but then I wouldn't get that bonus star
but I also wouldn't have to deal with
him I just don't think it's a good idea
because I want I want that I want all
those those bonuses so I think I'm just
gonna shoot them
I want the bonuses I want that bonus
star that's gonna get me more shit later
and that is what is important to me
right now getting more shit
shoot him now let's take care that go
nice all right great
you're not gonna do anything great great
great great Jack needs his gold stars I
do I want the gold stars that's that's
how you level up that's how you get more
alright alright
you can do this we can work with this
well you can work with this I take one
damage but that's gonna be fine
guess I could are we or are we gonna
take one damage
enjoy color yeah covers good classic
burger burger fries and shake can't go
wrong
can't go wrong colors takes a little bit
of extra time to get your food but
incredibly worth it we need to kill two
more goos and we'll get that star oh
yeah this shit all the other back take
oh we okay we got to kill him
gotta kill him hoist
he reduces all damage by one and
especially for someone like this who
only has one damage to give that's okay
like this kill him they no longer get
the buff punch him
shoot you no no no no no let's shoot you
yeah I can move that rock that rocks not
gonna hurt anyone right yeah I think we
killed five goos we got the star
everything's great we did it we're doing
it all in color makes no difference in
taste no it doesn't Brown brown eggs
white eggs whatever I do find that white
eggs are for some reason are easier to
peel
so I usually go with white eggs just
because I do hard-boiled eggs all the
time and so they're a little easier to
peel that's about it
that's my only condition oh great we win
right rate region secured let's spend
that reputation but we also get to
discount sell this guy I'm just not
going to use that I don't get this
another star spent
all right we got here you're a non
damaging projectile that pushes tiles
target
deploy a shield
that can give shields to allies that's
addressing that could be nice fly over
target will drop your smoke and that I
can't use this science class weapon I
think
I could be interested in giving a shield
but actually I think I'm just going to
get cores to spend and upgrade some shit
here now we're all buffed on health and
ready to go let's see here well just do
them an order so at at any time you can
attack the final boss and actually the
way the game the game says that they
scale difficulty and so with all my
stuff now I could attack to find a boss
and it will be the same level of
difficult as if I had more stuff so
don't you know that it'll be more
difficult but I'll have more stuff but
rescuing more people means that I get a
better score so I am going to just
continue on and keep playing here how
many runs have I done this is my third
run I've won one lost one okay I know I
guess this is my fourth or fifth run I
won the very first time I played uneasy
I steamrolled and won the entire thing
to give you an idea on how easy easy is
it is easy is kind of easy you see like
you know I was tough at first but now
we're now we're doing pretty well what
do we want here we want yeah we want two
stars easy is easy so we need to defend
the robot factories that must be these
guys we can do that it is it's it is
pretty like because I'm also playing on
easy so easy should be easy but I'm
using it to kind of familiarize myself
with some of the weapons unlock some
stuff and and I'm having a good time I'm
having a good time uneasy Canon bond
oh all right all right that's fine
that's fine that's fine that's fair
all right we gotta take care of we gotta
take care of this dude I get that gotta
take care of that dude we gotta take
care of that dude hey shit
yes we're gonna do is not worry about
this guy cuz he's just attacking us and
I'm gonna move anyway so we're gonna
send you yeah great I got it you're dead
you did and we'll move you over here
shoot you and you'll be great
great easy peace ma'am easy peasy Jack
with that beard and a wig I think you
could pull off a good Gordon Freeman I
know well I I have a side here it's hard
to tell him this life but I you know I
don't know if I if I would look good
with just a Van Dyke that's what you
call the goatee and the mustache
together a Van Dyke
upon me
that causes target to burn such as
cannon button is Canon bought an enemy
your friend
I think canna bot is a friend right
let's say it is let's say can about as a
friend push you over there
punch you
right
Kanan Bhat is not a friend wise can
about not a friend no I'm not gonna
worry about it right now I'm just not
gonna worry about it right now
yeah you dig you dig
Kanna Bhatt has a red outline I know but
I'm protecting I'm protecting the robot
factories and cannon bot came out of the
robot Factory so shouldn't cannon vampy
a friend my eyes can about attacking me
why am i defending the factory that
makes enemies for me that's this this
just makes no sense
everything sucks everything sucks we're
gonna lose a power I don't think I can
kill this person without losing a power
so what we need to be concerned with is
keep them what we have shape
more damage and we'll do another damages
and fire just fine yeah you're attacking
me you're attacking me
the nice thing so then the nice thing is
your ear mechs fully heal after every
battle and so you don't necessarily need
to worry about how much damage your mech
is taking unless you are going to die so
you know what I'm trying to I'm just
trying I'm just trying to kill you
because you're gonna be a pain in the
butt later
this is the guy I'm worried about this
guy right here cuz he's gonna damage
this power this guy's gonna damage this
power and there's nothing I can do about
that cuz if I shoot him this way I'll
push him into the tower and the tower
might resist but I'll still hit him or
he'll attack the tower and he might miss
but then he will also be alive for the
next turn because there's still one more
time this guy is the important is that
is the question I could punch him into
the tower
but then that would ruin
that's an hour to
that would ruin my star and my power you
know I'm saying you know same
what is that pink pot it's just another
bond these are these are not friendly
BOTS but they're not attacking the
buildings you know I need to concentrate
on the ones that are attacking the
buildings unfortunately there is not a
lot that can be done to stop them I mean
I'm in some really bad positioning
punch hammer for to take three damage
and those two I'm gonna lose to power
there's no way around it
there's no way around it
right I do this - dang it
- dang it this is not going it's not
going well
oh we lost another oh that was just my a
I'm fine wow that's no fun just have to
be concerned with saving buildings at
this point everything's fucked
absolutely everything is fucking
there's no way to save everything now
that's gotta be priority number one
everything is fucked yeah ah God we did
such a good job of building our power
back up fuck fuck fuck well I got a time
pod when I get in the time pod we got a
pilot and a reactor core all right well
that's something well we got a pilot now
you get a reactor that's pretty nice
start acting some and some move to our
shit
and
all right well that's something
oh god it's Jack yeah hi it's me what
were you expecting
it's just me
what was the pilots skill of a pilot
added one power and we'll check for you
before we get movin mech can move
through enemy units nice plus one
reactor nice nice nice okay what are we
doing here less than three grid damage
and protect the coal plant
hmm so these guys are frozen and ice and
frozen in ice means that if you hit them
they become unfrozen which is no bueno
but we're gonna use it to our advantage
are we though but are we but are we
maybe she just hate everything
Oh oh yeah oh yeah boom you stay on you
stay in ice you stay under ice and
mother Tupper you come here you
great-great-great-great-great this guy
we need to take out coz he's healing
he's healing the enemy we can't have
that can't have any heal
when you up the difficulty on this game
does it actually make it more difficult
or does it just buff staff stats nerf
your stats I believe the difficulty ups
how many enemies spawn and so it's all
the same mechanics but if you go to
normal difficulty more enemies spawn and
so you have more shit to deal with
wait
Oh Oh beautiful
that works somehow that's exactly what I
intended on doing great great are you
enjoying the game Jack yes culture fest
I am very much enjoying the game it is
tiny bursts of strategy it's very very
simple to understand strategy and as you
see like the map is very tiny and I've
just been playing for uneasy now but
really enjoying it overall
what do we got here we got a GU monster
we got this guy
great you win we win I would have it
you're defending things from reaching a
thing the pixel art is functional and
charming like Dean Martin observe a Tron
9000 I don't understand what that means
but the pixel art is adorable everything
is adorable about this game
we need that power block effect
spawning from three times and protected
the emergency batteries all right great
great do all that do you guys still have
real jobs I have a real job rich Jan
Mike do rlm full-time but I still have a
real job as a video producer and editor
we talked about that earlier you might
not have been here I make commercial
videos mostly for the web mostly for
social media for small businesses
medium-sized businesses some of my
commercials end up on TV but really I'm
just a video producer or whatever you
need a video for I make it a lot of it
will end up on social media you know a
company needs a facebook video for a new
product they're putting putting out or
just a quick like introduction to the
company that sort of thing sometimes I
will like my sometimes my job is a
company is holding a conference and they
just want it recorded like can you just
bring your camera hit record upload it
to the internet so we can distribute
this conference that we had two other
people who couldn't make it and
obviously that's not terribly exciting
no I've not tried Schweppes yet but
that's the job the job is to make
whatever video they pay me to make
sometimes it's exciting and sometimes it
ain't
jack is hip with us fellow kids yeah
exactly well you know it's it's it's one
of those things where every business
basically wants the same thing they want
a looping slow-mo video that shows off
their product like that's it it's just a
gift a gift that looks really really
good and that's it it's just a slow-mo
you know like I did I did a jump for a
restaurant a couple months ago and it
was just basically we have all these
dishes and so just shooting the plates
you know we made sure the plate looked
really good and we spun the plate we
shot in slo-mo and and then they
couldn't roll out those videos on their
Facebook page it's like hey here's a new
dish we're working on doesn't it look
awesome and that's it it's you know I go
there I shoot eight videos and give them
eight videos a couple days later and
that's the job
okay
got a plan
got a plan that's all you can do is have
a plan
I could take out this guy now but I want
to concentrate on blocking spawning
because that will give me the star
that's what we're gonna come straight up
oh god recording conferences when the
audio starts to drift that's my
nightmare yeah no but I mean that's the
hardest part of recording conferences
like I have my separate audio recording
and I just have to stitch them together
and it's you know sometimes the job is
really fond and I get to do creative
stuff you know a lot of you know like I
I do kind of viral marketing work where
I try to make a funny video that will go
viral I had a couple big hits with the
past me of beer videos for Old Milwaukee
and some other stuff that I've worked on
that hasn't hit yet so I don't want to
mention it because you know it needs to
hit naturally button but that's kind of
the fun and creative side of the job as
I get to try to make an entertaining
video that will hopefully go viral but
sometimes it's just sometimes it's just
we got a new sign in front of our
building and we need you to take some
video of the sign in front of our
building and stitch it on top of that
old video that you made for us because
we have a new sign now
that's it sometimes something yeah it's
all about paying the bills and that's
fine
we can't have that
we're gonna
okay so you know we're going to push him
and he's not going to be able to attack
anything nothing
came over here to block another spawn
and that will be three spawns blocked
and I can I can move on with my life
talk about cameras did you guys see I
showed it earlier my new my cage for my
for my GH five look at that it's got a
little handle it's hard it's got a
handle so you know you put the lens on
and you can hold it like a real camera
and then I have like all these holes in
the side here that I can screw stuff on
for like LED lights or for for
microphone attachments so I'm really
excited about this cage that I got for
my DSLR Blackmagic pocket cam thoughts
amazing it's an amazing camera that has
a lot of drawbacks the biggest drawback
of course is that in order to really
utilize it properly the amount that you
have to spend in in harddrive space is
ridiculous and the amount that you need
to spend in add-ons to make the body
useful for longer shoots like for short
shoots the the pocket camera is amazing
you put a nice lens on it it's uh it's
it's really it's really amazing the but
it has a ton of drawbacks so - so do
DSLRs though and so it's one of those
things where the the pocket Cinema
Camera seems like a really inexpensive
body for the amount of slow-mo it can
shoot the fact that it shoots in bra the
fact that int it shoots in 4k there's a
lot of upsides to the body but then you
need a nice lens then you need batteries
then you need storage then you need a
computer that can handle processing all
of that footage and you need more
storage it's it turns into a giant
clusterfuck
which is fine like if that's what you're
if that's what you're dealing with but I
think there's more practical solutions
I'll and you know I'm a Panasonic person
so like I like where the gh five is
going where they're addressing some of
these like storage problems the the gh
five now it has a cage here it has to I
don't know if you can see that it has
two SD slots because they know you are
going to be using a ridiculous amount of
storage so they have two SD slots and
you can buy your SD cards anywhere the
Blackmagic Cinema Camera you need
specialized hard drives a specialized
memory inside the camera that's more
more expense
and so you need a specialized memory
card for the Blackmagic Cinema Camera
and they're very expensive so the
Blackmagic has slightly more upsides
shooting in RAW is really amazing and
the ability to do that if you're working
at any sort of professional level is is
amazing
but the drawbacks are more I think
I wish I had time to get a nice camera
and film some shit it's it's tough to
find time absolutely
what company primarily makes the cinema
quality cameras well we're talking about
the Blackmagic Cinema Camera if you go
to Blackmagic comm or whatever just
Google Blackmagic Cinema Camera and
you'll see the camera we're talking
about it's it's an amazing thing but a
lot of people are using just higher-end
DSLRs the the Canon Mark what are they
had now canon d mark v is is is usually
the go-to people are using that for
television shows and commercials
Panasonic they're using that too it's
all about bit braids there's there's a
ton of numbers involved but
yes sorry again we got the camera talk
and obviously that's just very
distracting for me finally kill you but
there's a ton of options and people are
using smaller and smaller cameras any if
but then if you go to any like crazy
professional quality you're shooting on
a red you're shooting on an Alexa you're
shooting a sorry I'm not an Alexa and
Alexis you're shooting on an Alexis
you're shooting up you're shooting on
cameras that are you know hundreds of
thousands of dollars once you get all
the components and that's when you get
into the real nuts stuff this round
might hurt
I'll be done being the kind of better
physician here
this round could hurt me
I'm sorry razorblade I said I said the
name of me Amazon echo device and I
meant to say Alexis so there's just a
lot to do and if you're looking for a
camera for you obviously you know you
start off with whatever you can afford
and you upgrade as necessary and it took
me probably a little too long to upgrade
my rig I was using those Panasonic AF
100's for a long time they're great
workhorse camera but no 4k shooting and
it only had a top slo-mo speed of 60
frames per second and it just and the
biggest drawback was it wasn't giving me
the the data stream that I was looking
for I was only getting like 24 megabytes
per second which means that you're not
getting a high quality image and now I'm
getting up to a hundred megabytes per
second which means that my question my
shots are looking nice and that's all
you can hope for is that your shots look
nice
what are you doing what are you doing
got a kill you got a kill both of you oh
yeah this is this is gonna hurt and we
gotta kill you
what are you hitting your hitting means
I can push you back one that'll stop you
I can
hit you which will kill you but it won't
kill you oh well you only do one damage
so I guess leaving you alive is fine
then I can kill you and you're fine
has talked rich into seeing black
panther yet he just doesn't care he just
does not care about Marvel movies which
is fine till you leave you alive push
you back so you won't hurt anyone this
is gonna take a little bit of damage
here
Oh or maybe not Oh always look at the
turn order use my mad luck strats have
paid off I am a lucky motherfucker this
is what you should know I am a lucky
lucky motherfucker I pushed this guy
over just so he wouldn't hit these
towers but he attacks first so he's
going to attack this guy so he'll be
dead so this is gonna be great this is
gonna be fucking great
Oh unintentional I homered it I pulled a
homer that was great
right
alright let's just finish off it's
getting kinda late we'll just finish off
this section and then
have I played as the new Jason yet I
haven't actually but Jack you're
forgetting about the other thing now the
other thing is I need to leave in a
little bit I might need to call it I
might need to call it we've been going
for a couple hours now so I might need
to call it I think we're gonna that's
gonna be just a three hour morning
stream cuz I gotta go to Chicago
cuz I gotta go to Chicago y'all this
game looks like fun but I'm very bad at
chess and it seems like another chess
like game it is a chest like game it's
you know all the rules are laid out for
you though and so it's very it's like
chess if you only had four pieces to
manage that's it okay
let's end the stream but first before we
end the stream let me take a moment and
thank all of the people who have
subscribed during this frame we really
appreciate it
much like cuffin flew me a mezzo the
real net boy for twenty two fucking
months in a row I don't know
and the real net boy says that they have
subbed for sixteen thousand and sixty
hours I believe that thank you for your
subscription la p-dog one I am a for
twenty says been watching much longer
than I've been subscribed but thanks for
the years of entertainment thank you I
am a 420
Inc easy 99 for 18 months in a row of
Gihon dilute e knowledge junkie says hey
hey my sub streak didn't mess up mad sub
strats absolutely ended 1 1 6 which says
seems good oh that's the
that's the evil I need to remember that
that's the emote FC l33t for 19 months
in a row sausage toes for 38
motherfucking months in a row sausage
toes says is the watcher even up this
early and yes I did remember to turn on
the swatter
Zimbabwe's embalm besom Bambi says hey
Jack what time is it over there i watch
from the UK and it's the middle of the
day here I normally have to watch after
midnight
I started at around 9:30 in the morning
and currently is 12:30 in the afternoon
quote me if Norway budget Messiah for 21
fucking months in a row says ah morning
stream worship FSM Lucas Ducas for 429
Lucas Ducas for 29 fucking months in a
row and Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
for 45 mother fucking months in a row
which means we need to come up with
another thing to say cuz Master Kenobi
is about to hit four years excelsior
Master Kenobi 45 from other fucking
Monson arm we're gonna have to think of
another thing to say as soon as he hit
that 148 mark yeah shit y'all
Burger King Diamond
midnight hero for 28 fucking months in a
row blue Langan bull clien blook legan
bull ruined boot and pretenders in a row
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it if rich were here he would
say it's true we really do so I'll just
say it's true we really do thanks for
coming out
hanging out with me in the morning I
will try to do some more of these
morning streams as it's good fun but for
now
I have to figure out I don't have a
thing to stop my stream so I have to
click buttons
I think
