May 23, 2018
Hyrule Warriors
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/264866074
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/264873548
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/264877542
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq_F1apdjTQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qU5z8qwJvrE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh1BOxgTs2s
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/999385055452688385

[Part I]
I had a stupid stupid pop up right away
on my chant the minute we started going
okay what do I pop afford away are you
getting the ads I could see chap get in
the pop-up ads and windows that wasn't
an ad that was a notification for
something and something hmm
I'm starting to get ads in in my
operating says yes every once in a while
like in the lower right hand corner it's
like boom appears an app we think you'll
like I got to change a setting
disgusting I got a chapter setting I'm
not I've not had that happen well it's
happened to me a couple times those
yellow things are when people at us in
chatty no that's yeah that's not what I
was looking at before
okay I've seen those dozens of times
okay hundreds hundreds of times hundreds
of dozens of times
hundreds of yes hundreds of dozens of
times and then some how's everyone doing
hi everybody welcome welcome sorry we're
running a little bit late I was setting
up a new thing for the episodes and I
got a little too excited so I was
running a little late make rich play
this know why I like this game and I
want to play it rich won't like this
game and won't like playing it so then
all you'll get is grumpy rich not
talking to you guys is that what you
want think about is it is that what you
really want
yes they do they just want grumpy rich
it's true so this is the the super duper
version yeah this is the the everything
all the all the DLC that they had in the
okay Wii U is all bundled together I'm
not very far I just played a couple
levels
I'm unfair on woods now I've been I had
to take a little bit of a break playing
this so I could get some some battle
mech in yeah this this games a little
bit too absurd for me swinging your
sword and watching literally 1000
enemies fly all over the place it's just
now I got stupid I know how you feel
about that
I know I feel like I said I there is a
lot of that there is also
oh just a smidge of strategy involved
and and it's cool you know what it's
cool I think it's a it's super cool you
got the lightning and she likes to be
the dew stare slurring kill hordes of
demons simultaneously I kill those
demons one at a time
each and every demon gets my personal
loving attention as I rip its innards
out and shove them down its mouth and as
someone who is a fan of the dynasty
Warriors experience doom combat is
tenfold more satisfying okay tenfold
okay
doom combat is incredibly satisfying
right what would you like I'm not
writing people who like this down it's
just not my cup of tea
oh sure well I that was more for the
person in chat who was trying to compare
this to doom and say it's that say it's
always that same bullshit rich which is
you liked this one thing in this one
game how come you don't like this other
thing in another game even if they're
not identical right they're not exactly
the same thing because because it's
almost like oh this is one small part
and the whole context matters people get
it get it over get over it all right
okay great so here's the battlefield
right yeah all the little diamonds you
see are kind of like strongholds the the
blue diamonds are our side the red
diamonds are their side yeah so you know
you got to take over some of their
strongholds so more of our guys pop up
and and then when people call for help
you know you got to like help bosses and
do certain things on the map okay
boom let's rock this joint what is it
what does a movie I used to love but now
hate I can't think of anything I used to
love and now I hate it I can think of
something I used to love and now I'm
just it's good I returned to the Jedi I
think I like far more when I was with
eight well sure yeah it's a simple
adventure movie no I'm just like good
yeah yeah yeah yeah I can't yet I can't
even think the movie I used to love but
now hate sheekha's outfit or not she
goes what's the Impala it's kind of
amazing
big ridiculous outfits absolutely she's
like wearing clothing everywhere except
for that one one breast it's just a hole
there yeah with a metal thing covering
with a metal thing and but she also has
like bandages underneath that for some
reason yeah
great great I think one of the bonuses
with this version is you get the the the
champion tunic huh
normally in the good link green outfit
but I like the champion tunic yeah I was
never really big on that
I like breadth in the wild yeah III
don't like the boxart link look oh
really yeah oh I do I do I dig is it odd
digs oh I don't have my own way where am
i over here link looks like he's a 90s
kid on spring break with his blue tunic
blue is blue but he's wearing a hangout
with the beach I gotta pick up some
chicks that you know the one of the
things I I loved the most about Wind
Waker was on your second playthrough you
could play the entire game with your
with your Lobster blue shirt yeah I
loved that I loved the lobster blue
shirt open that was my favorite that's
my favorite outfit I hated Toon Link
getting the the green tunic I wanted
that lobster outfit I never I never
never come with a lobster outfit either
really yeah yeah that sees like that
lobster outfit to me gave gave that link
some personality
okay great I just happen to know what
I'm doing I already played this level
and and lost once I'm gonna go through
this part a little fast then you play
this when it first came out on the Wii U
no no but you're a dynasty Warriors guy
on your legs ilda how do you miss that
uh you know we were I was doing other
stuff never really got around to it and
and then you know I heard the switch
version was coming out yeah and you know
by that time I had had kind of stopped
playing stuff on my wii u what are you
like switch characters on the fly or
something yeah yeah you get Sheik you
get a what's her name again we just said
it whatever her name is
and and link for this particular mission
and then everyone has kind of different
super buddy powers Oh whoopsie missed
like hers is she has a giant water
bubble thing and it's awesome it was
that where's that Dookie where's that
dude Deku plant this way this way maybe
there is there it is I found it great
get out of here take you the plant and
then here
great
my mission succeeded yeah yeah I I just
love it I just love it it's it's just a
little it's a little too over the top
yeah and see that's why I love it it's
it's not afraid to be over the top it's
not afraid to be a b-movie where's the
captain where's the captain you know
it's not afraid to be to be schlock
because it knows that that's why you're
having fun where is the these areas you
see the the red diamonds in the corners
these areas are taken over by there's
gonna kill the big guy you gotta kill
the big boss and then it turns into an
hour territory it's around the picture
oh oh okay well that's attacking the
ship these guys yeah yeah yeah yeah
it's an odd look for the redeads I don't
disapprove you don't disapprove no good
ever never look like mummies before I
don't know yes yeah they kind of look
mummies in a fluid of time
they're pretty mummified but I would
like the bandages yeah didn't they have
bandages did they I thought they had
well like not like full bandage like
that but I thought they had like just
decimated corpses
chat that's gonna be a that's gonna be a
full-on chat question we need ruling on
bandages you have an official ruling on
bandages
am I supposed to be going what am I
supposed to be doing and we're always
put on my home dessicated not decimated
obviously you can't see what he's doing
he's read it's speeds the Gebo forces
Impa
all right we're out there who's over
there I'm assuming you don't get the
boner because there's no plausible way
they could make it kill 15 enemies at a
time yeah you do get the bone arrow and
it can kill 15 enemies at a time so
there how about that I actually have the
bone arrow right now the the bow and
arrow though is not like a main weapon
it's more of a secondary weapon yeah oh
and you actually have to use it against
these gibbehhhhh's oh gosh dang it stop
it
that's cuz I'm locked onto the wrong guy
Wow thank up come back up I'm locked
onto the wrong guy rich
so let's what's the story here what's
what's going on so far the first mission
takes place at Hyrule Castle and you
know there's big there's a big old
battle and in the middle of the battle
Zelda disappears and darkness is falling
on the castle is always right there well
obviously we don't know that it's a
Zelda rich she's right there obviously
we don't know that Zelda yet just say
something I'm here hey everybody I'm
here no it's me cuz we don't know that
it's Zelda yet who's looking for that
link and I just what is it what did she
tell link yeah cuz she's hiding for some
from link your link is is a loli you
know guard at this point and she's
hiding from Impa for some reason okay
and and there are there are forces of
what there are forces of darkness that
we don't quite understand that are that
are attacking for some reason no no it's
weird
what saying Hyrule with a functioning
army ah you know something you often see
you know rich good call
good call
great doing great doing great we did it
we defeated the Gibbon forces I know you
were worried jack do you feel like
controlling every character makes the
game more engaging or just much easier
uh no I actually liked it there back
back in the back of my Hyrule warriors
is in my dynasty warriors days and it's
been a while since I've played like any
dynasty Warriors game to be quite honest
with you you would choose one character
to kind of go through all of the story
missions as yeah but sometimes the
problem with that is you would have to
go from one side of the map all the way
to the other side of the map just till I
get a bonus objective and that can be a
little lame here I can with link go to
one side of map switch over to imp I
have her go over the other side of the
map and you know it's easier to get
around that way although I just got the
flute which is like a quick teleport
button
we're chic you chic so some links just
an ordinary guard he's not anybody
special well it was he was the only he
will be he was the only guard who who
was who rushed out to battle when the
forces of evil came and you know he
proved his worth why isn't he wearing a
normal guard outfit you can't actually
you can you can't you can equip a normal
girl okay okay
but because uh I got I gotta ask the
hard-hitting question taps absolutely
rich you absolutely do but because Impa
saw in him the the bravery of the the
fabled hero she gave him the oh not the
flutes not the flutes let's bring up I
don't like dynasty Warriors but I liked
dead rising completely missing the point
that I don't view dead rising as a
combat focused game it's a game where
you race against the timer to get shit
done right
the reason Dead Rising 3 sucks is
because they designed it like a zombie
combat game hmm
yeah with you
so everyone everyone thinks you're so
fucking clever bringing up dead Rose
looks like dead rose in the movie well
fuck you it's not the same thing yeah
people get it together
protect the baby tree thought I was
protecting the vaguely pretty what am I
supposed to do
okay okay
no it's very different it's very
different
yep
people I think people have a problem
with with minutiae with with you know
rich your interpretation of the game
doesn't mean it isn't all really a
hack-and-slash zombie game and you are
the reason deadly and you are the reason
Dead Rising sucks now it's you yeah
that's something you have to deal with
knowing that you have to deal with
knowing that love how they give no fucks
about cannon by using mobs and character
designs from five different games
oh yeah that's all fine in my book this
is the the have fun this is the let's
see all the things use all the things
that the people know absolutely
that's that Sherlock they are having a
great time BB characters destroy enemies
have a great time but I never liked the
Dead Rising games in the first place
then how the fuck do you know what what
dead rising really is
I think I'm supposed to go get this
fucker doesn't even play Dead Rising
telling me what dead rising games are
supposed to be because I don't like
dynasty Warriors sometimes sometimes the
logic of people rich just it just fails
me it just absolutely fails me lol
because I played them and didn't like
them well obviously you were playing it
wrong ha settle down playing it wrong
just ignore them rich Evans oh I'm not
legitimately upset I just find this
amusing we're just having some fun yes I
get the feeling that's not a very good
idea
no no tried yeah last time I actually I
what what are you doing
no I I did hit the chicken and it
attacked me and then a golden chicken
sprouted and you know a million chicken
people came to attack me yeah and it was
really distracting I think that's why I
died
enemy to attack a chicken instead that
would be great yeah I think I could I
don't know
I've been eat if it's in the game it
would
but rich Star Trek was all about space
battles you guys you guys in your your
goofing around you settle down settle
down all you
where am I and sometimes it's a little
hard to find yourself on the map how
does this not get old oh you get new
characters to play as you get new
weapons to play as there's new maps
different objectives they kit just moves
so fast you don't have time for it to
get old good you know what are you doing
what are you doing where are you going
we're going over here health up so yeah
they always just give you shit to do
they give you enough shit to do where
you're where you're never worried
because it's not everything is immediate
like this needs to happen now this needs
to happen now go go go go go it's too
fast too fast for you to even notice now
this guy needs help now this guy needs
help help him where he's dead
I just come knock at all because X comes
a bit more to it than just being a
button masher where you hit the attack
button over and over again that's how
that's how XCOM doesn't get old
uh yeah yeah XCOM uses you know even
though it's basic essentially the same
gameplay over over you know tactical
gameplay but they give you new shit to
do it's the same thing here it's just
for you know different audiences pop
that guy out it's okay and it's okay
it's okay that rich doesn't like this
kind of game
say it with me
it's okay it's gonna be okay it's me uh
yeah okay we'll kill you real quick
alright and what if there was an ex come
Warriors game I'd probably skip it you
don't know much about rich do you
execute free and also how would that
work
XCOM warriors back in the 90s they did
some stupid shit with XCOM ah I was a
XCOM third person shooter that looked
dumb as fuck lightsome really yeah
wow they're pulling a bunch of stuff out
of their ass they were we got we got
ourselves a hot property here make all
this shit you can for it boss battle
okay there is our key boss boom
yeah we're winning also owls all over
the place for its we are winning we're
doing all the winning rich you're saying
you can like a franchise but not every
single thing related to that franchise
you're a madman I know I know it's crazy
talk
am i talking about the bureau oh no that
was another ex-con third person shooter
in the 90s there's a really really
shitty looking XCOM third person shooter
I forget what they've just said they've
tried multiple times to make shitty
third-person shooters out of thanks yes
yeah I wasn't even thinking of the
bureau when I said that
XCOM enforcer Thank You Chad yes XCOM
enforcer I've never I've never played it
I've only seen it
XCOM enforcer yes interesting
interesting
I or my where am i hey what's going on
okay we're fine everything's gonna be
fine heavy metals playing and everything
is gonna be fine
Impa why aren't you helping
you could probably get XCOM and force
her dirt cheap on GOG if they even ever
put it on GOG I've no I have no idea do
you think they're just embarrassed by it
now it might be and unless you want to
just amuse yourself yeah like I so so
bad it's good game oh I guess I guess no
good reason to buy it because I've
watched videos online it looks like crap
oh yeah it looks like hot garbage
oh shit I'm done here
yeah
now fuck
apparently I'm not answering the right
questions oh well they go right no I
don't know you're doing it right you're
doing it wrong
everything you do is wrong I never I
haven't even read a tip tonight I don't
think I've even gotten one I've just
been reading chat but I'm not reading
the right questions so I don't know I'm
big a jerk yeah I was gonna say I was
gonna say that's a that's a neat looking
what do you call them things the ghormeh
monster
oh I'm not asking to be a dick just
curious what separates this from
Warhammer 40k Space Marine well it's
there they're entirely different types
of games I don't I don't even understand
why that would be a question that's a
really weird question yeah like we get a
lot of weird questions but that's extra
weird like this is somebody who
obviously hasn't played Space Marine
because they're absolutely nothing alike
right they're very very different games
rich hoses any significantly different
from Sim City now you're asking the
questions you may as well ask that if
you like sir city that would you have to
like Hyrule warriors gotcha checkmate
atheists
shoot your laser
there we go come here
all right me eyeball do I like SimCity I
played some save a forum is I'm a
favorite thing ever but yeah if I've
enjoyed SimCity in the past in the there
have been times in which SimCity has
been a part of my life and I did not
vomit some City classic SimCity 2000
mm-hmm I kind of lost track of the
series after that but sure back in the
day yeah as you do I remember
LucasArts had a game called afterlife
which was like Sim City but it was
Heaven and Hell really interesting
heaven of course had to be you know well
managed with uncongested traffic hell
was the exact opposite like you wanted
to make traffic jams and hell the were
sure layout was in hell the better you
did yeah there's a neat it was a neat
twist what is happening what was waiting
for you to hit him in the eye I think
I was waiting for you to do some guys
soup de doop it's got an L over his head
no we lost the battle oh how do we lose
the battle I don't know son of a bitch
that that is a you know obviously it's
not a perfect game it's sometimes
difficult to know what's going on in the
game it is sometimes very difficult to
know what is going on in the game you
lost because gonna spawns and you waited
like 10 minutes well it's taking care of
the keep saboteurs I don't see a time
around here no sometimes you just you
know sometimes you just lose because you
didn't do a thing fast enough and you
know sometimes it's actually alright you
figure you figure out what it is and
it's fine I just got to take care of
these keep saboteurs a little faster
I think the tips are broken yeah I
haven't gotten a single tip tonight so
I'm assuming something is wrong possibly
you try refreshing the the webpage that
the tips are on and then they might show
up oh yeah
the Refresh worked we're trying I do I
brought the laptop I brought the laptop
is back the laptop is back but in order
to kind of try to keep it as sane as
possible I'm saying we don't get any I'm
saying we don't use any kind of apps
like just web browser that's my thought
at least I don't know if that's a good
idea but my thought is if we just use
the web browser then it'll be less
likely to to freeze up on us I said I
think the tip overlay oh yeah no that's
the thing we're we're gonna make some
alterations to next stream oh I was
complaining cuz it was displaying wrong
previously yep so we've we've got it
like it is for now and then hopefully
next stream we'll just have something
different going on for the tip over life
yeah
all right
all right
okay great shit not great
Titan Creed says last dream you asked
how D&D; got started it was originally a
new spin on wargaming the original D&D;
was a variant of Gaia X's chainmail war
game it grew from that fanbase each
addition has transformed D&D; into more
of a communal writing experience okay
okay Anonymous's I am excited that the
Han Solo movie will finally reveal the
most debated fan question that has
already been answered 40 years ago who
shot first seriously I really I really
thought that was coming out this winter
and then I had months before I had to
worry about the goddamn Han Solo movie
at least I'll get it out of the fucking
way yeah there you go this Christmas
will just be Star Wars flea
right
Boston Technicolor says after years of
begging my doctors I'm finally scheduled
for a much-needed hip replacement though
now the anxiety is kicked in
anyone in chat have tips on how to
prepare how to uh sorry prepare for the
big surgery at least I'll have prereq to
help me through recovery Cheers
yeah I have I have no surgery
recommendations I've never gone through
surgery
knock on wood that's like particleboard
descent count that's wood that's
technically wood okay
we had surgery for anything before Jack
surgery no okay
no I've never had surgery you know I'm
gonna say that and then I might be wrong
no no I've never had surgery dental
surgery that's quite sure I I defeated
ghormeh
it's a solid one great yeah no never had
surgery broken a bone but didn't have
any surgery no advice very sorry talk to
nurses if you have any friends or family
who's a nurse they'll let you know how
to deal with it afterwards gee I wonder
if you will ever need a heart operation
rich oh wow you really got me back for
not liking dynasty warriors Wow
what a dickhead oh shit this guy has
some negative things to say about a game
I like obvious have open-heart surgery a
little harsh don't you think man whoa Oh
harsh sis just slow it and slow the roll
settle it on down
oh that's a good cartoon link want you
people in jet you're all crazy
you're all crazy sometimes you know them
ah did you see rich are you dude are you
a fan of Terry Pratchett at all
have you read any Terry Pratchett books
you probably have Thanks
I would assume you have did you see the
trailer for troll bridge no troll bridge
is a fan-made
adaptation of a Terry Pratchett novel
with shockingly high production value
and they are selling they're selling it
themselves like they're not going
they're not gonna try to get like
distribution for anything yeah because
like who knows what legality there is
but it looks amazing I ordered a blu-ray
because like I more so just because it
was people who you know it's a fan-made
project and it looks so good I wanna I
want to support them but it's it's the
story of a former barbarian who was once
the king of the battlefield and now he's
like a withered old man yeah and he has
one more goal left in life which is to
defeat a troll that lives under a bridge
but in these modern times most trolls
they live in cities so he has to go like
way out to the mountains like you know
to find a troll that lives under a
bridge and it's all like it's all very
like British humor and like the trolls
are nice people but he still wants to be
friends with them how do I put up a new
tab in the just a post I usually use
edge yeah oh oh yeah I didn't even think
I'm using edge troll bridge yes
troll bridge it looks adorable and it
looks wonderful
who wrote that was it that's very
Patrick crush it - who wrote on a pale
horse that might be the same with the
the Discworld the Discworld no no this
wasn't dismal this was one it's a book
literally about man who becomes death
and son hubris they know it sounds how
he becomes death yeah but it's kind of
light-hearted man on a pale horse no the
nut called manage is called on a pale
horse on a pale horse okay uh a man's
about to kill himself huh and what he's
about to kill himself he sees death
actually walked through the door and
just instinctually he turns the gun on
death and he ends up killing death and
so then he has to become the new death
oh yeah and he also has to fight Satan I
gotta get this board and it's a great
book
I think that's Terry prick Piers Anthony
that was it there's Piers Anthony not
Terry Pratchett not a horse and it's a
great book that sounds like a great book
let's sound that sounds hilarious that
sounds great
oh yeah give me all this stuff give me
all this Jeff but but uh the the trailer
for for troll bridge it looks amusing
and again for a fort you know with that
like fan made caveat like we've all seen
fan made stuff before mm-hmm it just
looks shockingly high quality and so
he's now open for business okay okay
okay let's go to the smithy then
customize your weapons fuse weapons okay
base weapon slots
all right cool I think what okay
all right sig Latin yeah says I just
finished my master's thesis and one of
my sources the German underworld a about
the formation of European crime
syndicates after the 1648 Treaty of
Westphalia is by Richard Evans thanks
again for the great content
well not big not many people know about
my my my literature work in history yes
yeah that's
I know I've always known that that was a
side passion of yours I I I'm shocked to
know that you've been published
peer-reviewed works yeah yeah that's
great rich congratulations also okay
here's another fare on woods one see
what happens here
oh oh we get to meet linkle alright
simple crossbows sure fanservice
huh the one disturbing part about this
is everyone goes oh and that gets a
little disturbing sometimes if you have
the sound tweaked just right makes it
really easy to localize yes that is true
that is true this game needs more
fanservice what are you talking but this
is this is this the game is chocked full
yeah I mean I I agree but it's still
chocked full of it all the ridiculous
stuff give me all the ridiculous stuff
in the first battle you can fight as
Princess Zelda it was great
now we get link oh she's got crossbows I
don't even know who linkle is but she's
her right this is where linkle's from
right very good think so yeah it's not
from another game is she no I don't
think I don't think so said fanservice
when it's a new character oh I just met
the other stuff like all all the other
people fighting together okay doing cool
shit okay no no linkle isn't fanservice
but like you know being able to battle
side by side with Zelda link and and
Impa that's that's pretty fanservice e.y
link a girl I don't know link is kind of
a non character and it's a different
fucking person in every game even right
if you wanted at the start of every
Legend of Zelda game have a fucking
gendered toggle that's fine
oh yeah it would change the game in no
way right right I agree
like like what you could do is you could
play as the hero Zelda rescuing Prince
link or just like
you shouldn't you literally have to
change nothing else sure yeah with you
the question is would you then be saving
Prince Alda or it wouldn't matter
whatever how about this double toggles
if you want to get in the same you're
sure I'm getting insane double toggles
you can choose your gender and the
gender of the person you save
boom you're welcome why not make Mario
girl alright here's my question to you
person in the chat this says why not
make Mario girl
yes sarcastically I assume why not how
does it change your experience if you
turn on Super Mario World and there's a
there's an option to play as Maria and
if you don't check that option you never
have to see or hear about Maria you just
play the game normally as Mario how does
that affect you negatively in any
conceivable way rich I have the answer
for you yeah it doesn't okay it doesn't
it would just be nice for some people
who want that alright let's start out
let's do this let's see how linkle
handles
see here's where you get fanservice
you're fighting the the majora's mask
kid
oh my god the chickens are on my side
yes the chicken look rich the chickens
are fighting on my side
there you go Jack oh my god oh my god
what am i doing I want to do our people
so unsecure they have to only play as
their gender well here's here's the
thing though if your characters just
kind of a blank slate then isn't kind of
the purpose that you're it's easier to
imprinted I can know I can see if you
want to play as male link that I have no
problems with that mm-hmm I think of
what a lot of people's problem is is
currently they don't have the choice and
so it's not an insecurity thing it's
just like oh it would be it would be
nice if I could play as you know
obviously that's not anything I you have
to worry about I'm a white male age is
35 to 60 everyone listens to my ideas no
matter how dumb they are it's like
battle tech battle thing that has a
character creative battle thick does
have a character greater and a bet
little backstory thingy I mean it's it's
a bit it's a bit weird but there's an
option to not be he or she there's an
option to be referred to as a vague yes
yeah you could hear they you can choose
your pronouns there are people out there
who are pissed off about this really and
well I wouldn't use that option myself
yeah I'm not gonna get pissed off
because it's there I'm just gonna select
the heat and they're the problem solver
boom I selected heat how dare they try
to be inclusive rich how dare they
they're not forcing you to play as vain
and I'm not talking about forcing
anybody to play as female link I'm just
saying if it was an option a big deal oh
yeah
area
here we go
yeah that seems like it just seems like
an easy thing to do I guess
it's it seems just like an easy way to
you know make somebody happy and not
have any negative effects towards
everyone else oh I see I see I see what
I'm supposed to go this way
out
uh yeah yeah all right why don't we go
what average what do we got what do we
got what's going on what's happening oh
right now I'm looking to see where we
left off okay crater scroll oh wait no
that's too far
that's way too firm I gotta go back up
the fabs okay says so glad you're
playing Hyrule warriors just a tip if
you didn't know already Jack be sure to
pick up the materials the bigger enemies
drop as will help you unlock new combos
and such between games oh yeah I hope to
see you both play co-op soon I think it
would get old for me extremely quick I'm
not I'm not saying this is the worst
looking game I've ever seen I'm not
making that Clive I heard you say that
earlier though feeding shit side mission
started cuoco feeding area and linkle's
kind of adorable look look at her she's
got a little crossbows got a little
crossbows
you know that is adorable rich would you
be okay playing one round with Jack we
only have one controller oh yeah that's
the other problem is it's split screen
uh I actually don't know and I guess we
could use the the trucks I'm really not
comfortable oh yeah suck the Chuck suck
and you know it
Winkle
see what her super is die die die that's
what her super is yeah
she has Reapers super that's an
overwatch reference fuck yeah
so is she also the chosen hero or she
just she wants she's like she's like
what's his name like tingle you know she
wants jozin hero where you know she
wears the green because she knows that
the hero wears green it's adorable is
what it is
what's my favorite sports video game
sports you might you might you might
think this is a cop-out okay but rocket
League which is totally a sports game
totally a sports game also totally a
cop-out it's not a real sport but it is
a sports game yes if you want a real
sports game I'm gonna say MLB power pros
on the weed
that's fair I had a lot of fun back in
the day with with stuff like Madden
mostly just because that's the only game
that like my brother would play with me
and so decent phone Madden it also golf
games back in the day we would tear up
some golf games portal be considered a
sports game no portal no absolutely not
what get out of town where would you why
would why people say weird thanks jack
you know this you know I guess I do I
guess I do know this
I found him
you know what game I've been really
enjoying kind of as a as a break from
from battle Mac is is a game called
descenders yeah which is a downhill
mountain biking game and it's it's
procedurally generated downhill courses
and you just try to get through them as
fast as possible and it has like
different jumps and it has like cool
different different like trick modes and
whatnot and it's really a neat simple
sports game and and I really dig it it's
one of them it's one of them early
access things am I supposed to go but
but I dig it
I've been it's it's been a nice breather
from from from battle battle battle
battle tech battle tech I keep calling
it battle mech it's I'm not not loving
battle tech young yeah I'm with you
keep going that's not the worst thing
this things I like about it okay
I just what battle tech does is it makes
me wish that the combat sections word in
the style of the mech Warrior Games or
you're in the cockpit that's like a sim
hmm like I like negotiating contracts I
like I like running my business overall
I'm finding it fairly meth
you know I got about I got a I got a me
about ten hours in and I'm feeling
pretty mad about the whole situation for
whatever that means to anyone
side mission failed I wonder what it was
I have not yet in Battletech felt
especially challenged yeah yes there a
difficulty slider that I missed I don't
remember any I do not remember any
specific difficulty slider
you know you choose your level your
difficulty level different jobs have
different difficulty yeah that's as far
as I know I what what my big problem
with it at the moment is I'm not finding
the battles to be tactical yeah I don't
see it
we're just the enemy walks up and you
just shoot at it until it blows up yeah
yeah and you know so yeah you you shoot
at the enemy and then the enemy shoots
at you and you know like like thinking
of stuff like XCOM has that really
wicked cover system and so it's it feels
like you're positioning yourself you're
getting stuff into place in in battle
tech it's just move and shoot the guy
moving shoot the guy the guy's gonna
move and shoot you
so yeah I'm finding I'm finding battles
to be lacking in a certain amount of
enjoyment I'm not I'm not getting I'm
not getting a proper enjoyment out of
the battles didn't I die in the tutorial
once on stream when I wasn't really
paying as much attention to what I was
doing as I should have been yeah yes
that was the only time I ever lost a
mission in battle tackle right
I know I know you unlock the more
difficult missions as you progress
through the story I don't think they
should have done it that way I I think
the world should have been entirely open
from the beginning and I think taking
the higher difficult mission if they
want to gate that off for some reason
well then it'd just be impossible to
pass because you have shitty mechs and
it's you picked a five-star mission
right there is a pair apparently i in in
a little on steam they have like little
news tab yeah there is a mod yeah
currently even though there's no like
native modding if you get a special mod
to earl tool there is a mod that does
that that unlocks the entire map right
away you know after kind of the tutorial
you say huh
apparently it's a bit of a pain in the
butt to get the mods to work but also
apparently enough people have been
complaining about that where someone
wrote a news article about this specific
mod ha so heads up
nice squares in danger of falling we'll
get there yeah chefs thinking about the
Zelda breadth of the wile Wow you know
as you as you go through the game the
enemies naturally gets stronger yeah
I kind of wish it was like the original
NES Legend of Zelda where you just
didn't want to go to some areas because
the enemies were strong in those areas
well it's a little bit like that with
like the Lionel's yeah but I mean when
you start off with Lionel's were all the
week Lionel's they're all the red line
on I mean you play the game bar table
they all become the blue then you play a
little bit it'd be nice if like your
your incentive to not go to certain
areas at certain times just a level of
difficulty is just getting your ass
handed yeah getting your ass head of you
because the enemies in that area are all
fucking nightmarish
fucking hell skull kid
what'd I just do shit
yeah that would have been nice I still
I'm okay with the way that uh that
breath of the wild handled it just
because obviously I enjoyed it a lot
yep
so alright say I think right now here in
the game yeah is officially where I
would have given up just because it
would have gotten old this is the point
I think where I would have been ok I've
seen everything I need to see in the
game that's fair that's fair
that's fair
you know the different people have
different tolerance for
ya know and I could do this all day
I could absolutely do this all day this
is this is 100% my jam fidgeting with a
screwdriver the entire stream yeah I
know it's been in my hands I'm just
fitting with it yeah I noticed I know
you are a fidgeter Oh constant vigil you
know I always forget which one is are
and which one is er always always always
I want for some reason I want the big
one to be r-really and the little one to
be Zr
and I'm always wrong that one's never
thrown me for a loop
Oh what always there's me for a loop is
there B being before a yo sure yeah that
out that as well how is this different
from dynasty Warriors it's not not made
by the same people who made dynasty
warriors yeah that's why I like it
because I like Jack likes dynasty
warriors yeah
well yeah your compass is shining it
says so that's what's going on
oh great this is nobody gonna help this
poor girl defend the castle uh was she
you know she's defending the the woods
right now and no that's why she's so
special she's she's a hero you see no
one's helping her
that's why she's able to join the fight
rich
hi there you go kicking skull kids ass
rich what historical event would you
like to see a movie slash series based
on I've basically answered the same
question before though you would have to
you have to make up a lot because we
don't know the answers DB cooper DB
Cooper yeah so there's a lot of room in
the DB Cooper story to do whatever the
fuck your imagination wants to do and
yet there are also some really
interesting historical facts just the
whole thing I could I could see like a
really interesting like one season yeah
you know like thirteen episodes of a DB
Cooper story you know the flight maybe a
little hints of afterwards
yeah that's lining out why he decided to
do it yeah who's who this guy is
yeah maybe it maybe he's he's working
with some shady characters maybe has to
kill one off maybe he's a bad guy maybe
he's a good guy we don't know yeah yeah
that could be fun speaking of series did
you hear did you hear about Damon
Lindelof yeah is making a watchman
series not based off of the comic book
just based off of the universe yeah I'm
not interested yeah yeah yeah
the watchman told its story it's done it
made its point yeah there's no reason to
go back to that no and it's like I could
I could see if you want to make like an
adaptation of The Watchmen a a series
might be a good place to do that because
there's just too much for a movie as we
learned well also Zack Snyder sucks also
part of it was exercise or not getting
the point right exactly but but yeah he
wants he wants it too he wants it to
just take place in the Watchmen universe
I'm excited for Linda laughs Watchmen
because the leftovers was fucking great
says Jack trigger Joyce I don't know if
I saw the leftovers
Lindelof has some has some badness
around him and some goodness Linda
laughs done some good also some bad sad
Vega I watched all of the new tic and
yeah it's good overall I keep forgetting
that the whole seasons up its up
but a meaning to watch it and I just
keep flat up forgetting about it it's up
and overall I think it's pretty good
Peter Serafinowicz is a remarkably good
tick and I like the tone I I would I
would have liked a few more like I they
were they were riding this line with the
new tic were that what they were the
thing they wanted to poke fun at was
like the modern gritty superhero genre
and so they kept you know like the tick
does a really good job of riding that
line is sometimes we're gonna go dark
and gritty and then sometimes we're
gonna just pull the rug out make fun of
dark and gritty and I wish they would've
pulled the rug out just a little bit
more but overall it's pretty good so you
want to you want to see it a little more
darkly ready no I wanted to see a little
more making fun of darkness okay okay I
think they just leaned it too heavy into
the dark and gritty but the jokes
contrasted by the tech and I think
that's kind of exactly exactly
it's you know it doesn't de throne
animated tick as my favorite tick what
the tick dark and gritty what watch the
pilot on Amazon it's actually good I
haven't watched more than that yet I'm a
meaning to it I keep forgetting that the
entire season is out now and for many of
you who we know are Amazon Prime
subscribers you get you know Amazon
video with that and and so you can watch
the whole season of the tick and it's
pretty darn good
because the tick is still the tick
because the tick is still the tick yes
yeah well if they made the tick dark and
gritty that would suck the character
that's it
that would suck yes oh yeah yeah no no
and like the tick is perfect the way
Peter Serafinowicz plays him yeah is
pitch perfect for the world the the main
villain which this is not a spoiler the
main villain is the terror and he's
great no it's it's actually Jackie Earle
Haley was his name from a from The
Watchmen
rorschach from the watchman and shark or
Russian
Rorschach Russia is where it is
Rorschach that's how I pronounce it
watch watch the chat say we're
pronouncing it wrong but no no filled
with great characters there's great
moments it's a recommend
chat saying Rorschach that's right yeah
that's why I said that Rorschach then
they're confirming nowhere am just grace
this the chat say they wait in good book
of sorcery okay get to play as the is
the witch now she's got a book this is
actually a new character this is a new
character along with twinkle oh my god
well yeah but Lincoln was clearly
related yeah well she's got crossbones
though very different you see Lincoln
was clearly based on Lincoln this
character looks entirely unique yeah
this character looks like something out
of like a JRPG yeah but she uses dem
magics
when I see the guy who plays Arthur
nitaac I'm convinced it's the speckled
curly-haired kid from the Mighty Ducks
and somehow he's not he's great though
he's a really good Arthur that you know
the this Arthur is a little bit
different if you've watched the cartoon
you know Arthur is kind of the you know
he's almost a superhero as a hobby and
that was a really interesting way to
take it he's you know so he's very
different in this but it works it all
works
lonna and link it all works which is
nice the seventeen only says hey guys
I've been watching old best of the worst
episodes and I think my favorite one is
when you watch dangerous men rich goes
straight zap in the viewing room then I
start fucking shit up I sure once or
twice I just couldn't think of any
bourchek dangerous men is special like
that though that was that was a very
special viewing a very special viewing
oh that's that's weird
we have two different versions of the
same enemy in the same game like I know
they're taking shit from all around the
time line but these are the boku goblins
and the ones you fought in the first
level we're also boku goblin oh yeah but
they look entirely different I think I
want to say that tune zelda is playable
in this and so i actually think that's
part of the story is that the timelines
are getting all fucked okay so i'm gonna
say that that's actually purposeful i
think the story is the darkness is is
making the

[Part II]
is that
is that oh shit
yeah
David II know people says hey Jack and
my boy rich you guys should play in
justice - that was the perfect time
because the flash just ended season
fonts on the season finale Jack I
actually have not been watching like our
big shows your garbage ships you guys
know I love my garbage shows he's just
flat-out calling them garbage shows now
I love them because it's a Cochran show
but I still love them some self-respect
goddamn it I know I know and when I'm
watching Ashlock I
I'm aware but no actually I have not
seen I've not been watching the flash
arrow Supergirl Black Lightning any of
the DC superhero shows I have not been
keeping up on because now the good shows
are on now the expanse is back on I've
been watching this show on BBC America
called killing Eve which is really great
West world's is back on there's like
really good stuff to launch and so over
the summer I am fuck you fuck you I'm
guessing that over the summer I'm going
to run out of good shows to watch and
pick up on the garbage shows again Luca
but Chet I know hate watching as a thing
but Jack had never hate watch Supergirl
and the flash before he of legitimately
enjoyed these things no I still do
legitimately enjoy them I'm not hating
any of them I'm watching them because
they're schlock but they're not they're
not like good shows you know it's not
like quality television they're fun
they're fun shows can fun and good be
different things yes the answer is yes
of course what's happening I really just
did some teleporting stuff yeah
so Zetas Zelda fingers in her new
creation logo that's a great question I
have no idea that's the name of the the
the dragon from mom okarin aw oh time
right oh so now he's like a dragon guy
he was a dragon when I first came here
and he's spitting fire and shit
twilight princess volga i do not
remember this thing in Twilight Princess
Ariel I defeated Volga give me my shit
now
as its volvagia okay
I guess he's has a slightly different
name okay yeah give my shit
fight Joel Boehm from reading that name
right by Joe aboah
FBI JOA sure okay this hi rich hi jack
high five Joe Ebola watching live for
the first time to say thanks for
introducing me to so many great games
purchase is made because of you guys
XCOM to an entire ps4 blood-borne h z :
d which one would that be horizon zero
all Rises or down yeah hand of fate i'ma
switch Zelda Rabbids Kingdom battle
Friday 13th oh man
you're welcome you did it by Joe is a
fruit I'm an uncultured swine and I'm
not familiar with it pronounced feat Joe
up okay
sure why not
which did you see the Bohemian Rhapsody
trailer for what the they do one for the
freddie mercury biopic no no there's a
Freddie Mercury but I was thinking that
was like one of the Suicide Squad
trailers oh the trailer the trailer with
Bohemian Rhapsody right right right
of course obviously no I haven't the I
have not seen the trailer the rumor I've
heard and I don't know if this is true
but the rumor I've heard regarding
Bohemian Rhapsody is they they will not
be mentioning his particular sexual
preferences or AIDS why not
in the freddie mercury biopic why not I
don't know this is just a rumor I've
heard it seem to be big aspects of his
story it's kind of like what like a big
part of his life and you know why he
died so young and yeah looks like a
biopic of Jimmy Hoffa without any
mention of the disappearance and then
Jimmy Hoffa walked down his front door
credits yeah and I don't know if that's
true if Chad I don't know if chat can
can confirm or deny
find another way to hack through them
okay
the other members of Queen wanted a
g-rated biopic and have mercury die
halfway through and the rest of the
movie be about them getting on without
him oh you know what you just wait to
the other members of Queen die and then
you and then you make up the rapper
biopic absolutely that's exactly what
you do interesting but be like that the
doors wanting you know Jim Morrison not
to play too heavy a role and the doors
biopic you know no Val can just you know
cut some of his lines down can we just
ease up on the whole Jim Morrison yeah
is that something we can do cuz like
really get over it right am i right
what no I'm not telling the remaining
members of the Queen to die I'm just
saying you wait for that to happen two
very different things exactly
we're not wishing harm on anyone we're
just saying event people die people die
and you just wait
no gendered toggle in the Queen movie Oh
fucking get over it that might have been
a joke okay you're right that might have
been I might have been a joke that might
not have been mean-spirited people get
seriously bent out of shape over this
trip I can't I like I I I'm not naive
like when I say I can't understand why
people would be upset about Ave in
Battletech yeah cuz I don't like the
dumbest thing in the world cuz you just
don't use that look so right well it's
like I get why people are understand
upset because they're idiots and there's
you know they're you're being different
or you're placating to whatever but it's
just like yeah why did I don't get it
cuz why does it affect you
but you're right that totally could have
been sarcasm yeah yeah it's hard to tell
with text and and by the way chat it is
very hard to tell when you're when
you're trying to get in on the joke with
us and when you're being a total
dickhead so heads up you know cuz
everybody likes to joke and everybody
likes to you know do that but it's
sometimes it's difficult for us to know
do you do you super super super and I
can catch you down there
I gotta find I gotta find the super
weapon rich that is my job right now
there's a super weapon that will defeat
vines
Oh any idea any idea where the super
weapon is guys Jack
I I had a game of this is this a while
it was a long time ago now okay but I
did really good in a round of Friday the
13th once okay I had absolutely kicked
ass and dominated and afterwards yeah in
the lobby in the voice chat yeah the
people who was upset at me started
lecturing me on gender politics like
like like because because I won I was
the enemy obviously that meant I was an
sjw and even though I had did nothing
but play the game good I beat him and
he's lecturing me how reverse racism is
a thing it was the most surreal thing
this really had really happened I would
have did you you know let people still
be racist right you know that I'm like
I'm just sitting there thinking what the
fuck
like like you didn't make it like a joke
Jason but it was no it was just because
he didn't like me this meant obviously
I'm an sjw well yeah and so when I read
something in the chat this is one I'm
not sure if it's sarcasm or not sure
sure true that I'm with you I'm
absolutely with you man people are
messed up Wow rich still plays Friday 13
oh this happened this happened like a
year ago there's a while ago now sure
the end and by the way speaking of
Friday the 13th I I have been getting
all of your messages about the the
single-player campaign being being
almost ready
and I know that I know that the
single-player campaign is gonna be ready
soon come on it's - you're super I don't
know if we're gonna play it though just
because we haven't been playing I guess
Richard you know sometimes people just
got shit to say and you were the one who
was listening right that's that must
have been bubbling up for a long time I
don't I don't think it was circus
because he was like screaming right it's
just like what were you doing before
before the game man to get to get your
panties all in a knickertwist man just
but hey
Forrest what your toe hurts you need
advice uh you can you can try and buy a
nice foot massager one of those for like
hot-hot foot spa things that might help
but might not yeah I mean the toes
that's all there's a lot one toes you
ever have ever had an ingrown toenail oh
sure oh that's the worst it's the worst
when you have an ingrown toenail it
seems like everybody wants to step on
your toe oh yeah and it gets caught on
everything your toes suddenly just
becomes a magnet for all the things yeah
I'm with you
come on
I still haven't found the mega-weapon
that I'll get me through the vines
and that's very upsetting to me
great we did it
we did it we did it you're amazing jack
I feel amazing
Jack boomerang where yes I know I know
oh I found it I found it you know I
gotta say I do like that tunic that blue
swash that scarf thing oh this this
simple detail but it adds so much it's
you know the capes man they're super
powerful you know they're and it's it's
just a comic book thing meant to show
movement yeah that's the only reason
capes superheroes have capes and so they
could draw like movement for heroes and
that have a greater sense like the same
with uh that makes some sense same with
what do you would eat like trench coats
in old detective stuff they gave him
trench coats so when they were running
the trench coat could fly behind him and
everyone would know their movement right
that makes sense yeah and it's the same
for this that blue thing dangling behind
them it's nice it's real nice man
that should be an outfit and breath of
the bomb whoa someone's modded it
already I'm sure I haven't seen it if
they have I wouldn't mind this outfit in
breath in the wild I'd be done with that
the scarf is pretty baller I know the
shield is been martyred in one that
shield this shield yeah okay now this
stuff is pretty cool I don't hate it I I
do I just in general at least in breath
of the wild I I do prefer the the heroes
garb Oh Lady settle down jack is 100%
wrong about the purpose of capes on
superheroes it's probably a joke this is
an incredible stroke but I want to get
over there you have to do it as you have
the most it's probably oh yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna pause it real quick I got a
I want to see with this I want to see
what this imager link is there's my
mouse now oh god it's like a manga shit
I wasn't even a good joke all right back
to it back to it
okay big monster time montón de la Mer
true-blue review says in here hey guys I
went to see Deadpool - and thought it
was pretty good and maybe better than
the original however not only did the
audience clap at the introduction of a
character but they also clapped at the
trailers specifically for solo and
ant-man - oh you can clap for trailer
you know what I'm okay with clapping for
a trailer yeah clapping it's something
stupid load during the movie but you're
okay with clapping for trailers it's
just a trailer you don't go to the movie
to see the trailer that's something that
happens before the movie hmm
before the movie you can even have your
phone out and dick around I don't give a
shit
during trailers oh no that's that's to
me that's the start of it that's the
start of the theater experience the
trailer yeah yeah you got to put that
you get as soon as the lights go down
that shit goes away okay okay
I'm not I'm not giving any I'm not
giving an inch when it comes to phones
and movies but shits out too much as it
is
there is the iron deku the man handler
that decker was totally metal whoa
motherfucker all right you know what I'm
leaving
now fuck fuck fuck
there we go
fuck
okay how's that there we go
get back here you dink
ah here we go there we go I was like I'm
doing the thing right there little
Bowlby mouths usually like blue colored
and dinosaurs all right that's what
that's at what I'm gonna call they're
they doing their own thing feed me see
wool a little shop of horrors I know
it's a great movie yes yes it is you
ever seen the original ending um I don't
know if that ever made it unto any of
the floating around bootleg for a while
okay the plants take over the world
Seymour gets eaten Audrey gets eaten and
the plants take over the world
this there's literally footage of of
giant plants rampaging like through the
Manhattan streets oh yeah yeah oh that's
great that is actually great
it's on the anniversary blu-ray okay
well that's good it needs to be
somewhere there you go
the original is better I've I've never
seen the Roger Corman Little Shop of
Horrors and I don't know how that one
ends hmm I don't know if I've seen it
either
to be honest
Earth's
speaking of Little Shop of Horrors Rick
Moranis is supposedly returning to
acting as kids I'm assuming are all
grown by now yeah wasn't wasn't that his
whole point for stepping back and just
wanted to spend time with his family
after his wife died yeah yeah no yeah
totally righteous reasoning good man
that Rick Moranis absolutely
why are they glowing silver they are
they are the they are a side mission
okay shit and I'm getting my ass handed
to me
and so I think if I can defeat them
I defeat beside mission san but or I die
or I die and I don't do anything I'm
pretty sure he never really left Rick
Moranis yes yeah he's he's a but what is
he coming back for he's coming back for
something something big
yeah Spaceballs to Spaceballs to wait
are they actually doing space bolster is
that it I think that's it
is that it I've heard nothing about a
Spaceballs - people are saying sctv
reunion knows that it
now that was fake balls - you can't he
came back just after Ghostbusters yep
whole is frickin knob no Brookes old
does that help last time I saw him
interviewed he seemed like he was in
really good health though oh he's still
with it but he's old oh yes they they
don't get much older than huh Brooks
like he's old enough now that his oldest
man in the world sketch makes sense 2000
year old man that was a a man uh Rob
Reider yeah
that's what I'm just thinking could you
get a ninety-year-old back to do a movie
bring in Spaceballs - I don't know if
he's acting anymore Mel Brooks right
making shit but I don't know if he's
acting Carl Reiner not rob yeah oh did I
say rob yeah and I agreed with you so I
am equally wrong great Oh a Reiner one
of one of them right father and son it's
close enough
one of them writers
do your fireball thing
true blue review I see your tip and
while I think there's nothing wrong with
it I'm just I'm gonna make a conscious
choice to steer the conversation
elsewhere angus is wise you know rich
these are the calls that we have to make
some steps but thank you
just remember that George Miller made
Mad Max fury road in his 70s
yeah but Mel Brooks is in his 90s
there's a 20-year difference there oh
yeah not and and we're not saying that
Mel Brooks can't do it he's just very
old man but he is an old man of very
good health dining up yeah generally
speaking he seems to be with it
mo Brooks killed actual Nazis was was
Brooks a veteran excellent question it
is an excellent question as an excellent
question well Christopher Lee he killed
Nazis mm-hmm I never really thought
about it I guess it makes sense but yeah
I never I mean I never pictured him as a
soldier Mel Brooks right my dad makes
sense
I'm killing actual Nazis that gives you
just bonus points in life
absolutely absolutely that's like free
breakfast - any time
no Chad I have not played Daisy but I
have heard there's a new dead state game
coming out a new dead state game yeah I
don't necessarily know what that means
dead state was a downloadable game I
think it sounds steam now too but I
think originally was just on the Xbox
360 and it was kind of like an
open-world zombie survival thing okay
and something something something felt
missing if they'll just shy of a
complete experience but there was
something there okay
I might be thinking of state of decay it
sure is a dead state hold on
important questions I have an Internet
machine in front of me you do figure it
out oh yeah that stated state of decay
that was called dead state I seriously
did it stated to Kate state of decay -
who's coming out well there you go I
think any kids who are like really into
breath of the wild and then play this
Godin got very uh got a little I got a
little culture shock with this lady and
her and her extreme boobage that's fine
oh it's fine I guess you see like oh
another adventure of Zelda or another
adventure of link aha aha mana what was
that word we're using before fanservice
Oh chat it's it's only the Mandela
effect if I think I came from an
alternate universe where the game was
actually called dead state otherwise
it's just faulty memory which is what
I'm going with far more likely yeah it's
far more likely that then I came from an
alternate dimension where it was called
dead state hmm
oh here I think we're we're good and oh
yeah look here's the different
dimensions there's Twilight there's
Skyward Sword now we're getting into the
different dimensions don't start with
that Mandela effect bullshit look that
Mandela effect bullshit is fun bullshit
it's fun bullshit it's it's silly it's
very very silly is what it is
can I ask is it common for anybody to a
thought that Mandela died in prison he
was on TV a lot growing up in the 90s he
was that doesn't change the fact that
some people claim to remember otherwise
and obviously their misremembering but I
guess I guess believing you're from an
alternate dimension and you cross over
at some point without knowing it's
better than admitting you're just a
idiot who couldn't watch the news
throughout the entirety of the 90s I
definitely remember that that's great
those orbs hit her right in the fan
surface yeah no I can't be wrong I must
be jumping for reality's a small Radko
right like I I love the idea of someone
just being so stubborn
that they're they're so unwilling to
admit any sort of fault that's great
okay okay kind of book okay great great
great
all the things
no I'm perfectly fine to admit when I'm
wrong man slew cuz I know I'm wrong
often times but I've I don't think I've
ever admitted that often I don't think
I've ever admitted or I've ever said
that I'm from an alternate universe
where I'm right all the time say things
that are wrong all the time that's of
two very different things
oh we're definitely going a Twilight
field then we can get midna Oh guys you
get the choose where you go you can't
bring any character in any map they have
a little security have mid though there
is an option they have free mode or you
can just play any character okay then
there's a adventure mode which is really
neat and that's just kind of like little
adventure mode and challenge modes are
basically just like little challenges
okay so yeah you can do some of that I'm
doing the story mode okay and so here
like it tells you like like in this in
this if I go to the sky loft I can play
as link if I go to Twilight field I can
play as whatever her name is and booklet
my guess is if I go I'm hoping if I go
here i unlock Midna to play in the next
one that's that's my hope but here this
is just where everyone's weapons are
what the heck is that egg Oh Agatha
classic
okay we got some some badges you know
I'll upgrade stuff okay see now here's
all your attacks rich and I know this is
where were you get really excited of the
vast amount of combos okay you see you
can either do ÿÿÿ ÿÿÿ or Y X or Y y X or
Y by Y X that's what I just unlocked
okay so that's pretty exciting
pretty excited about that where's the
thing it doesn't feel like combos
matters like no matter what you do your
swing your sword and a large 360 degree
arc that knocks over everything so it
seems like the combos are just kind of
meaningless flare is it's yes okay but
it's fun okay it's fun flais I don't
fault anybody for liking this yeah I'm
just saying for me I think there's a I
would have gotten tired of this an hour
ago oh sure
absolutely and and I hear that
this for every single one of them I do
for every single wad character yeah for
every single character I have to go like
go to their attack bags do you know I'm
sorry I'm sorry that the world is not
fair I really love the dynamic of
shitting on things that Jack likes and
Jack being completely okay with it it's
gone the other way Jack if you'll
remember was not very fond of XCOM - I
was ok with XCOM - okay just uh I was
not very fond of God of War that was
something that I shit on that you
enjoyed quite a bit and I I've been okay
with it because we we're adults weird
and rich and I have different tastes and
like knowing that rich doesn't like this
doesn't wreck my enjoyment of it I'm
still having a great time playing it
that's how taste works you know yeah and
I'm gonna be ok with that when when we
have our battle tech review my guess is
rich and I are gonna disagree on a lot
of things a lot of things about battle
tech as I'm not having a very good time
playing it at all and that's okay just
in case we get to play as me no let's
upgrade some of her stuff great
great or of the chosen is schlocky
nonsense um I think I think I've said
elsewhere that the worst part about war
the chosen is giving the enemies a voice
yes you have you have been very vocal
but vocal about that I I agree with you
on that
yeah I think you've also you've openly
started like even though it's the UH
cast a Star Trek The Next Generation
it's just not good right oh it was a
certain voice anything remember was the
voice and Worf was the was it was it
Michael Dora was just somebody doing
that style
no wait Michael Worf was one of the
people yeah yeah yeah right and Jonathan
Frakes right I don't even remember I
think it was Marina Sirtis
yeah and I think I think it was Maria
certains Michael Dorn and Jonathan
Frakes oh yeah you're right it was
freaks
I didn't even remember that aspect
cuz you hated the voices not the voices
themselves just the dialogue I think
XCOM didn't need that that that level of
schlock yeah who else was in it the
Frakes and cue
he was the psychic guy oh okay well they
yeah there you go there you go I
complete like my brain just completely
forgot about that it's weird that is
weird
we need the push for a beyond belief
revival with Frakes I'd be down with
that I'd be down with that you ever
watched beyond belief
No fact or fiction I was it was one of
those horrible Fox shows hosted by
Jonathan Frakes okay each week there
would be like three or four supernatural
stories and some of them were fake
but others other of these supernatural
stories Jack were true oh and then you
had to figure out which of the
supernatural stories they talked about
were fake and which of the supernatural
they stories they talked about were true
wait a minute is the easiest show ever
yeah those those back in the days when
Fox was doing like alien autopsy oh yeah
I think alien autopsy specifically would
spawn beyond belief oh yeah yeah an
autopsy was pretty dang far back in the
day yeah come back here
if you want chat if you want something
that's in the same style but but there's
like 90% less bullshit there was a show
on some cable cheap cable network it
wasn't a very expensive show might of it
like FX or something I don't really
remember but I think the show was called
dark matters and it's like every episode
it's like they had recreations she's
only done recreations of unethical
science experiments from the past really
yes interesting yes
into a dark matter dark dark matter is
like a sci-fi channel show Dark Matters
twisted but true it might have been on
sci-fi I don't remember I don't remember
what channel came on but it's really
that shirt the show is so fucking cheap
huh and the actors they get for the
recreations oh it is so amazingly cheesy
but it's good stuff okay all right I'm
down
like unethical or weird science I can
think there was a segment on this one
guy who famously tried to measure
somebody way somebody when they died so
they could figure out how much the soul
wait oh really that's a real thing
that's that's incredible he would he
would get dying people and and he would
have like the deathbed was like some
fancy scale and he would wait for them
to die and he wanted to see how the
weight changed on the corpse and that
was how that was how much a soul weighed
I love it I love it right that's great
that's just crazy enough to be weird
yeah I'm with you that is that's
absolutely crazy
I officially approve I officially you
know why I officially prove is because
that actually is a little scientific
know what someone's actual science shed
well I mean it's that is actual science
like I want to see if there is a soul
and so like let's weigh it obviously you
know there's other ways to prove that
but I I love that he applied the
scientific method to to absolute
nonsense that's great that's absolutely
great
doudou I don't remember I don't remember
this is on that show or not but there
was something else it was another kind
of weird weird science thing where there
was some kind of medical affliction
going on some kind of epidemic and this
one doctor was convinced it wasn't a
disease it was something dietary there's
like people weren't getting enough fruit
because they changed something but like
the corn and like people weren't getting
the right vitamins it was a dietary
deficiency okay okay and I think they
tried to prove it was it a germ was like
they took somebody who had this
affliction and they just like they would
literally do whatever to get and try to
get infected from him like like they
take some of a spit and like take a swab
swab it around their mouth and whatever
they could trying to get an infection
yeah yeah and then when they don't get
infection and infection that was there
like proof that look this isn't an
infection yeah yeah this is something
dietary and I think I think that was
another segment on dark matter all right
I like it and so it was like this whole
party they had we're like eating little
chunks of this guy's you know what just
whatever they could think of try and get
all the people at this party infected
with this epidemic to prove that they
couldn't get infected because right
right that's great
shit rich
I was the dark summoner
okay
that must be the green one
all right what's going on I gotta find
the dark summoner and defeat the dark
summoner okay is the dark summoner
making the things from the different
Zelda games appear I don't know I was
flying lizards from Twilight Princess
those are great I don't know why you
didn't fight more of them
those were fun fights in Twilight
Princess sure no no I like I just gave
up on Twilight Princess so early on I
didn't I didn't have it in me there is I
didn't have it in me to defeat to finish
a Skyward Sword mm-hmm oh you never
finished it no no I didn't get very far
at all I finished it I was just
underwhelmed
sure
speaking of weird science thoughts on
angle blingo uh their song weird science
is great
waggle BIOS angle angle is great you
have any thoughts on lingo blingo
they're great for anybody who doesn't
know it was Danny Elfman's band yeah
back in the 80s
I'm cool with I go boy go for anyone who
doesn't know Danny Elfman is a famous
composer I assume all the kids know the
kids know who Danny Elfman is Skyward
Sword is the worst zelda are we talking
3d I think we are I don't I don't think
it's that bad but I I don't think the
game is that bad but it might be the
worst zelda 3d yeah I say 3ds I haven't
played a lot of the 2d ones that are on
like the handhelds oh man those are
fantastic I haven't played like the
Oracle game sure and those are fantastic
I I I will hear no ill talk about those
games because I think they're great I
know you haven't played a lot of them
you would actually probably really like
a lot of them because I know you are a
fan of Link to the Past
yeah so you would actually probably
really in trouble probably one I
probably would I just I didn't really
have her use handhelds back in that shit
was coming out right right
get Fez fleeing why is that that fleeing
dang it gosh dang it I get that where
are you for for the people who don't
like Twilight Princess I know I know I
used to be all up that games ass yeah I
replayed it like what like a year ago
now maybe less okay
I didn't like it near as much yeah yeah
yeah I'm with you i i I think it I loved
it at the time I absolutely loved it at
the time but it has a lot of problems I
I do suggest that maybe maybe you'd find
it more enjoyable anybody who hates it
if you actually played the GameCube
version that doesn't have the motion
controls oh and I actually like the
motion controls yep yeah I thought the
motion controls were a strong point of
the game it's just so front loaded with
all that bullshit every time you're a
wolf it's bullshit so motion controls
are so annoying in Skyward Sword because
that shit always needed to be
recalibrated I get a couple swings and
then suddenly his legs holding his sword
behind his back trying to trying to wipe
his own ass and you got to recalibrate
and five was obnoxious
the talking sword woman yeah yeah she
was I'm coming I'm coming
where are you miss ladypants there you
are
yeah there was just a lot there's a lot
not to like you know like I said I
didn't even I did not finish it I didn't
get very far because I because I just
like so much of it that's my opinion on
winwaker it's up there might be the
second best 3d Zelda uh yeah yeah I'd
give you that I'd give you that after
breath of the wild yeah yeah yeah I'd
have to add absolutely give you that no
doubt no diggity this is this is just 3d
ones because we're talking 2d I haven't
played them all
and honestly link to the passes up there
it's really up there but 3d ones
brethren the whelmed winwaker and now
I'm not sure what I put third anymore
that used to be Twilight Princess and
I'm not sure after the last time I
replayed it and that was super
underwhelmed the dog dog link is really
weak dog League sucks yeah yeah after
after you get done with all that stuff
and you can just roam around as normal
link it's pretty dang good it combats so
bad how I actually I liked a lot of the
combat man yeah love the inner there's
good dodge roles Perry's like there were
I thought the kind of that was pretty
pretty pretty nice don't thing to combat
a lot of the 3d Zelda's a little bit
lackluster the other the other good the
other good thing about Twilight Princess
and I'm not disagreeing that it's not
third is is Midna herself I fell in love
with mitten as a character
she's fine I absolutely character yeah I
loved her she's she's she's the best out
of Lynx sidekicks yes
favorite shit
uh yeah she's just the best
she's just just the best I I had I had
many I had many emotions at the end of
Twilight Princess when when it was the
time for emotions to be had
so that's a strong point but man is that
a slow start if you were if you replay
Twilight Princess now it is a slow dang
start and so many cutscenes so much
malarkey should probably replay winwaker
because i cannot for the life of me
understand why everyone loves it so much
but it just feels like middle of the
road zelda what is what is winwaker have
going for it's got some good dungeons
from what i remember
it's got not only good dungeons but Wind
Waker has real exploration I I dug the
shit out of all of the audible and I
know like that's the part people hate
the most is this there was a whole lot
of sailing yeah and a lot of the the
hugeness of the world is an illusion
generated by the amount of sailing you
do yes but typically there was at least
something at least one interesting thing
to discover in each and every little
segment of the map yes one one weird
kooky Island that had something
interesting about it or some neat item
you could find and or some kind of
wrecked ship that had treasures you get
when you fight it was something
interesting in every sector yes and it
really felt like you were discovering
them like like I everybody shit on the
sailing everybody's good on sailing and
I could just sail around all day I lit
it felt like a fully realized world
where you know like it had its little
you know the the beetle on his little
boat that you'd come across the male
character carriers you you I I'm
agreeing with you but you can admit
right that a lot of the epicness of the
wind waker world is an illusion
generated by the vast amounts of just
emotion i yes okay and i and i hear that
point but i will gladly suspend my
disbelief okay it's it's easy enough for
me to just suspend it and go you know
it's good exploration good exploration
some good dungeons good dungeons really
good combat III like to combat I thought
I thought they it was simple and and on
points that whole the whole like when
their weapon glows you spin around him
to hit a make up mega blow attack was
it's it's a super ultimately it's a
superficial thing but the animation is
so good it looks beautiful the animation
is so amazing
yes and it's got one of the best tones
in the series windfall island yep yep
yeah also really excellent supporting
cast and little story I I love the start
of Wind Waker because they make it
personal right away it's not it's not
like you're you're the in Wind Waker
you're not like the hero of Destiny
who's fighting because it's destiny kind
of are no you the the start of Wind
Waker what are you doing that's started
every zelda your humble except for
except for breath of the while know the
the very first mission of Wind Waker is
you're just rescuing your sister yeah
okay like that what that's what starts
you I mean sure yes you are it does it
does Morphin d you are the hero of
course but but the choice to go on the
adventure was it was a selfless act for
your sister okay and they set up her as
a character's personal so you were more
invested in the reasoning right off the
bat okay and then you know like oh I
just so happened to be the hero after
that great that's fine that's fine right
mmm
I loved it I loved the the the Deku leaf
gliding around that was beautiful last
year you said that winwaker had your
favorite link and possibly best in
Ganondorf which one Muir Jack cuz I love
the Wind Waker I I think I think my
favorite leg goes to breath of the wild
cuz they they sidestep the hero's
journey which I am kind of just sick up
at this point and they just flat-out say
you're a well-trained badass yeah when
you start the game you're not oh you're
a knight you
biggest badass and that's why they made
you the Royal protector because you're
just you're a good fighter yeah
and no I'm just starting from scratch
you know they've gotta go ahead hero's
journey breath well they just cut out
all the bullshit no you're you're great
yeah yeah I like the breath of the
wildling Wind Waker top Ganon top tier
gaming I might agree with you there yeah
yeah best Ganon winwaker yeah
yes that's the battlefield where's the
underdog element then you're you're a
badass in breathitt well but you're
fighting a like a god so there's still
there's still an underdog element to it
and you're fighting like an unstoppable
monster board that that revives
themselves every once in a while you're
still the underdog oh yeah oh yeah is
battling with higher row forces okay
shit I'm probably supposed to go over
there
there's my food
and I know you know we're talking a lot
of 3d Zelda right now because just
because rich hasn't played all the 2d
Zelda's but like there there are there's
a lot of good in in those two DS Zelda's
- there's a lot of fun stories my
favorite part of all those 2d Zelda is
just the puzzles yeah the the puzzles
and the dungeons in those games are are
the best
I'll see going back a little bit oh
another another reason you're still the
underdog and breadth of the wild is you
did already get your ass kicked
let's not forget with the backing of an
entire fucking army and magic robots and
spells and you the sword that seals away
the darkness yeah you still lost and now
you got to try again without any of that
shit Permian Hyrule anymore yeah yeah
that's actually like something I little
II keep loving about breath of the wild
is like you just you failed you're done
kid get out of town
what is it with nintendo games where you
fight the same villain over and over
again let's that's not just nintendo i
mean that's a lot of things GI Joe is
always fighting Cobra he man's always
fighting Skeletor so it's not just the
Tendo
and I got us I gotta say if you work
fighting Ganon I'm gonna be a little
like a lot of people work Twilight
Princess there's people who are upset
you don't fight Zant at the end legs ant
isn't the main villain how does that
samples kind of lame sans the big guy
with the gecko head that jumped around
and made silly noises they're upset he
wasn't the final villain of Twilight
Princess oh they were upset there's
people who wanted him to be them they
were upset when Gannon showed up really
ya know I remember that game if I'd be
in a good fight too in Twilight Princess
yes no that's yeah that cuz that's one
like you get the light arrows yeah
there's some fun in that fight is there
anything look forward to the stream or
is it just this well if you your aren't
enjoying the game or our conversation
I'm sorry yeah then no no yeah your your
princess is in another castle
yeah sorry man we can't help you today
we just can't help you today I was upset
when Zant went from being a real villain
to a goofy-looking thing that jumped
around yeah I never I never liked his
look in the first place though I stuff
like that Gekko had was just kind of
stupid looking oh yeah as a personal
preference issue I guess yeah well like
it or not
Ganon is kind of the iconic villain in
the series mm-hmm and if he's not the
villain for better or worse it's gonna
feel like a side story like an offshoot
yeah I mean like a lot of the handheld
ones yes and you know they kind of are
offshoots which again I'm okay with but
Gannon literally becomes a pig I never I
was never a fan of full-on pig again and
I don't know why they never used pig
wizard again and pig wizard Ganon um pig
face but just kind of big bulky with a
robe like he looked like in the end of
the originals of 2d Zelda oh sure
monstrous but still humanoid I don't
know why they don't go back to that
again and for 3d but yeah like the final
form and breadth of the wild I hate that
gennym yeah yeah I'm with you
it's a terrible design and a terrible
fight but I think I think most people
will tell you that the Ganon fight in
breadth of the wilds kind of a letdown
I don't I don't think I don't think
that's a novel opinion to have
what about majora rich it's pretty
ominous I I'm like the one who hasn't
played Majora's Mask I'm the guy so I I
don't really have any experience with
majora
yeah I couldn't get through Majora's
Mask
that's what that's that's up on my list
of stuff that I want to replay and enjoy
just because I know everybody does but
but I haven't
not Flint
link between worlds I the handheld I
have haven't played it I haven't played
many I think the only handheld Zelda
I've played was Link's Awakening oh yeah
I think that's the only one that's an
old-school that's an hour i won
they were they were trying to cram a
whole lot into a small package with
Link's Awakening I just I'd never really
had handhelds it's not something I
sought out
yeah I've played all all the handhelds
and and loves uh I mean maybe all of
them they're just adorable
they're just adorable no this way
favorite Zelda weapon from any game you
mean I'm assuming you don't mean
favorite weapon that Zelda has use but
just favorite weapon in the Legend of
Zelda series um I'm gonna be really
fucking boring and you're gonna hate me
for it I'm just gonna say the Master
Sword is because it is you know that's
just my honest answer that's and I think
that's fair that's solely fair I know
it's boring
but that's my honest answer it is boring
but you know we'll take honesty rich
will take honesty here that said yeah I
wish they used it more but the in
Twilight Princess oh I love the double
hook shot navigating with the double
hook shot yeah this is fucking great
agreed
super agreed
super agreed that was great in in
windwaker that of the giant skull hammer
that you get and obviously you know me
and hammers yeah I know but I thought it
was awesome I thought it was awesome you
know cuz it's obviously you know like
one of those weapons were it has a use
outside of combat but you can also use
it come bat if you wanted I love that
love that skull hammer
the spinner would have worked better as
a single dungeon gimmick than a
full-blown item yeah there probably
would have oh this look it's not like
they use that damn thing outside of that
one dungeon anyway yeah
No and that's that's one of them that's
one of Twilight princesses and a lot of
the zone this is one of the weaknesses
then the fun items are useless outside
of their dungeon yeah yeah except for
breath of the wild oh yeah that's the
benefit of just giving you all of the
items right order right from the get-go
yeah they don't fuck around here's your
bombs if you had to earn those for
various like divine beast then they
couldn't guarantee it hadn't when you
were over here and so they wouldn't use
it over there but by just giving you all
of the the items that's not what they
call them what do they call them the
applications the ancient your freaking
sheikah slate apps yeah your apps by
just giving them to you from the start
you could sidestep all that shit and
just design the whole game knowing that
the player already has all the shit yeah
and it's not an issue yep runes thank
you chat the runes we all know they're
sheikah slate apps though I like calling
the maps I like calling the maps because
then in in my mind at one point someone
had to like pay for them you know like
they're not free apps either supported
by ads I like that idea
great we're doing great here guys I feel
like like we're making good progress
maps all blue

[Part III]
Maps all blue we're doing great we got
to go defeat Midna and to get the
goddess butterfly I don't necessarily
know what that means but you know it
unfortunately it does look like we don't
get midna this time we get we get
butterfly lady instead our Miller in the
chat is saying give me a second yeah
just need to download my bomb app I
resent my sheikah slayed recently they
say that as a joke that's one of the
story points in breath of the wild
remember when you have to go talk to
what's-her-name I had seen a village and
then she hooks your app up to the thing
cuz the the picture app got a race
that's right and you have to redownload
the picture-taking app it's already
employed read downloading apps it's
beautiful just beautiful come on come on
you guys can kill one freakin skeleton
yeah there you're welcome
oh is she gonna be on link wolf that's a
different that's a different wolf they
couldn't they couldn't have lentils be
bad so it's a different wolf
any recommendations for a new laptop
I've I've always been a desktop guy and
I've built my own so I'm afraid afraid I
cannot help you true blue review I think
I think there's something wrong with the
tips cuz I haven't got a new one in a
while okay well do the old refresh I did
and multiple times nothing so if I'm not
if I'm not reading your I mean it could
be we just haven't got any tips no yeah
that's fine that's possible but if I'm
not reading your stuff it's cuz I'm not
getting it sorry
Midna looks 10 well she's just cursed to
be a goblin goblin she's a weird-looking
little and you know it's it's extra
poignant when you know the story of
Twilight Princess which I will I will do
my best not to spoil here but you know I
think I think I already spoiled it by
saying she's cursed to look like a
little goblin oh yeah he totally did
yeah yeah so fucking games like 10 years
old at least I know but he always feel
bad the that that that ending sequence
when you see her in her true form I love
that I love that ending sequence that
was great
I thought that was really neat alright
midden is joining the team
victory and then you reiterated the
spoiler god damn I did 10 years yeah
that's kind of out of toilet era Tory
well past the spoiler expiration date
yeah if you haven't played uh I hear you
know you know what spider-man dies at
the end of infinity world
Wow you know what rich that was uncalled
for
that was absolutely uncalled for shit
man I mean that's been out just a couple
of weeks still outside of spoiler
territory but that was uncalled for
you're we're gonna get angry emails now
yeah you know what it's fine well I'm
gonna get angry emails do you really
think so no no I don't I'm guessing by
this point by this point most people
know that already yeah and and by the
way Taillow - Taillow civ gaming puts it
correctly which is this dies yeah dies
yes
for anyone who's seen the movie I figure
at this point anybody who hasn't seen it
doesn't care that's probably fair oh
here we go in this one I get to play as
as Midna
yeah
ya know but by the way like they're
already in for 200 speaking of speaking
of rich yeah what um you and I a few
weeks ago uh-huh
we're talking about spider-man movies
yeah and I had mentioned something that
I would like to see in the next
spider-man movie do you remember what
this was do you remember what's the
stereo Mysterio I was saying oh you know
like because I really liked like Legion
and how they do like the psychic camera
tricks and I really liked the show
sense8 that has a psychic thing and so
they they use like in camera tricks and
fun editing to show like this really
confusing world so I said Oh Mysterio
would be a great choice for the next
vitamin because they could do weird
camera stuff and they just announced
that they're they're trying to strike a
deal with Jake Gyllenhaal to be Mysterio
in the next fighter man movie yeah
that's a great idea that's a we need a
Mysterio movie that'll be great
interesting that they and probably smart
that it heads straight to the heavy
hitters you oh yeah you can't mean
Goblin drak first no no there's there's
the vulture and here's Mysterio you know
why they're keeping them small keeping
him keeping him neighborhood yeah yeah
yeah it's gonna be great so like that's
the other thing is like we know they're
already working on that James Gunn has
already like said that like well what's
her name what's her Kimora gomorrah's in
guardians volume three like James Gunn
said that before infinity war came out
yeah and so I was like yeah we this
comic books
you guys know comic books what do you
think is spoil if someone's asking what
we think spoiler territory is I don't
know three weeks I'm okay with three
weeks
I think it's probably relative to how
how much the knowledge of the spoiler
will affect the enjoyment of the film
sure which of course is very subjective
to whoever's watching it yeah
cuz yeah some people just don't care
about spoilers I generally care I don't
I don't want I don't want anything to be
spoiled for me like telling somebody the
twist of Fight Club it's probably a
bigger deal than saying you know this
character fought this character at
infinity war right
now I had Fight Club spoiled for me
still enjoyed the movie but still one of
my favorite movies Fight Club is a rare
circumstance where once you know the
spoiler you can rewatch many times and
still pick up on fun new things you get
at least two viewings out of Fight Club
oh yeah otherwise yeah at least two
get up what's the twist of fight clubs
yeah I'm more reluctant to give away the
twist of Fight Club than I am an
infinity war I think I think knowing the
twists and Fight Club is a bigger deal
than infant well and here's the other
here's the other tricky situation with
all this is infinity war is based off of
a comic book that has been out for ages
yep and you know roughly the same thing
happens yeah so hopefully it wasn't hard
to predict right so like I feel even
less I feel slightly less beholden to
spoilers just because it's based on a
thing that you know like I said I
already exist so it's like same with
like Game of Thrones spoilers where it's
like these books have been out for years
and just because people are watching
them on TV now plus fight clubs a movie
where if you don't know what the fucking
if you don't know what the fuck I'm
talking about
and you haven't seen Fight Club you
should see Fight Club you should see
Fight Club no thoughts on this a fight
clubs a great movie yeah if I clubs a
great movie that I think people should
see yeah I mean none other than yeah
yeah fight clubs a great movie I can't
imagine where we going over here what I
say some people might take Fight Club
the wrong way I'm not I'm not sure what
the wrong way to take Fight Club is oh
yeah no actually we've talked about this
before I will absolutely say some people
will watch Fight Club and see Tyler
Durden as the hero and and yeah oh no I
know these people
oh oh that's right do I have a thing to
defeat him yet I don't think I do
I I absolutely know people who like came
out of Fight Club being like oh I want
to be just like Tyler Durden like apps
abso-fucking-lutely
absolutely Tyler Durden is the bad guy
yeah didn't give me anything but you
know that happens in any art so I'm not
terribly worried about it oh great
oh my god oh my god up here I guess you
could say fight clubs movie about not
drinking the kool-aid
whichever kool-aid that may be right
yeah but don't drink the kool-aid which
is but up but like I get why people are
upset with it because you know like
Tyler Durden starts the movie you know
presenting not the kool-aid right been
drinking only omits different cool
exactly only to discover it's a
different kool-aid right
ideology equal bad yes I would say so
what are we defining is ideology
anything that will give you a dog Bob
okay all right yeah then I could be down
with that
yay
out dink-dink
whoo but yeah I know uh my clubs at
Fight Club is a very good movie I know
that's a David Fincher movie right now
and I think David David Fincher is on
record somewhere saying that if he ever
meets anyone who it's it's Fight Club
and another thing and he's like if they
say Fight Club and this is their their
favorite movie ever I immediately just
dismiss them as idiots really yeah Wow
well he'd dismiss me as an idiot it's
one of my favorite movies ever
no well no it was Fight Club and
something I was very specific because
that means that they didn't get Fight
Club and now now I'm doing a horrible
job because I'm trying to quote him I'm
trying to quote him saying something and
I'm missing it completely but yeah David
Fincher was he was really he was really
upset that people didn't get his movie
oh god he was really upset when people
started making their own fight clubs
after Fight Club
he's like what wow you guys missed the
point
and so no it's nothing personal against
you rich because it is a it's a very
good movie Fight Club but if you came
out of that movie thinking to yourself
man I want to be in a Fight Club
no I didn't come out of fight right
thinking that right and I think that was
the problem for a lot of people he's
like oh man that Fight Club was cool
let's do that man I want to be a weirdo
hermit who makes his own soap what do
you think the point is in Fight Club and
we just kind of just talked about it
yeah the the the point of Fight Club is
is not blindly following any set of
rules you know Jack the narrator starts
it off kind of living a pretty normal
existence and you know for miserable
exam is urabá existence but by what most
would perceived to be normal yeah he
buys the knife stuff he has a nice job
he has a nice apartment he has all the
things that you're supposed to strive
for but he's miserable and so he finds
an escape from that he meets a guy who
teaches him not to be so materialistic
right but it ends up becoming more like
cults
well it ends up having the same sorts of
rules and structures things that that
isn't what Jack wants to do and so yeah
the the moral of Fight Club is actually
a very simple one which is just find the
path that works best for you find your
own path okay nice got the hook shot
he's working a miserable tedious job and
he finds this guy who teaches him to get
rid of she's throw off the stuff that's
not happy and then he ends up working in
a miserable tedious and right
okay so I can go up the ledges now yeah
and so it has a really good and you know
of course this is all based off of the
Chuck Palahniuk book but you know it all
it all kind of boils down to somewhat
somewhat lovely with the theming just
finding yourself with hilarious
consequences I don't think that's a
terrible view of Fight Club or to take
out of it I think just a fun movie oh it
is no this is a fun movie it's a good
movie Mike Fight Club is a good movie
I'm not I'm did not I'm not denying that
Fight Club is a good movie yeah I know I
know I'm going I'm going I'm going
come on Ben you move your ass
here here right
what am I supposed to do here what am I
supposed to do here you tell me
valiant bloodshed says valiant blood
Johnny do you guys think that the boys
TV show on Amazon will live up to the
quality of the book or will become like
the preacher show where it's slow and
boring I don't know what the boys I
don't know what the boys is either so
there we go sorry and I didn't even
bother watching the preacher show
because it just sounds like it's strange
so far from the comic why would I why
would I care mm-hmm
maybe that's changed in the later
seasons I don't I don't know it could be
I know I I watched the the / I got two
episodes into the preacher show and
really did not care for it I gave it a
shot though I gave you two episodes I
can't imagine the preacher TV show has
anywhere near the set of balls the
preacher comic had I can't imagine that
all right right do with this dragon
I'd be shot huh
I could have got my I figured HBO will
be like the only place where you can
talk I figured that'd be the only place
where would even be conceivable sure
sure am I supposed to do
game that's yeah maybe I'll have to
check out the preacher show maybe I will
I'm in West where capture y square and
use the Magic Circle
oh yeah hair star is fucking great
perfect casting I that's I'm glad to
hear it some crazy fucking character in
the books
the worst shit happens to hair star the
villain but he's just he's completely
relentless I know uh I did get to in the
in the first or so episodes our face is
in there and he was pretty funny I'm
hearing that Jesus's descendent is there
which I did not think they would have
the balls to even have that character
okay
well there you go
magic circle am I supposed to use magic
circle rich you tell me rich what are
you supposed to use magic circle
it's the game is telling you to use it I
have to capture West square which I did
and use magic circle and I guess I don't
know how to use magic circle there's a
magic circle and item you find is it a
place you go to these are these are
things I would love to tell you but I do
not know there's a dragon there's a big
dragon I can tell you that yeah I know I
know it's like a 20 year old comet board
and I didn't you know you're not really
really spoiling it but as it's an
ongoing TV show right now I don't know
if I'd spoil preacher like 20 year old
book that's that's both with the most
boiler territory yeah but currently
ongoing show so that's one of those yeah
yeah it's me that's that's a gray area
like you want to be nice but also I
wouldn't care that information has been
available for a while
which I already spoiled preacher in the
older prereq was that was one probably
when the show wasn't that could have
been or the very least what I didn't
think the show would be very faithful
see if I don't think the show's gonna be
faithful to the book then I'm just
talking about a 20 year old book right
we're getting into weird territory with
spoilers we're honestly like the rules
are written and rewritten all the time
the rules are whatever I feel like
how's that for the rule yes that's
perfect
that's perfect I love it
you a Magic Circle you can on home jack
run home okay so just a place you have
to go maybe I'm heading that way that
was kind of next on my list of things to
do as that's that's the only area like
flashing at the moment so maybe maybe I
have to come back over here
Lana needs to create the circle leader
to West square she's stuck with enemies
right now go defeat the enemies so she
can go over oh I did oh shit
oh no we wanted oh crap
did we lose now yeah we lost
motherfucking Lana get it together I'm
over here I'm over here taking out
thousand enemies Lana can't get her shit
together wanna chat if there's nobody in
the chat who wants to watch or read
preacher then go ahead and talk about
the spoilers oh you know what whatever
you people you do whatever you want man
you all just do whatever you want it's
fine we're not gonna persecute anyone
and I gotta persecute anyone I'm done
for for preacher spoilers it's done
that's fine now people are saying I'm
watching preachers then don't do it
because somebody's actively watching it
how's that how's that these are the
rules
I thought preacher was a little preacher
I thought preacher was a little preachy
hey Oh somebody somebody hasn't read
preacher
so we've captured the West square so now
I gotta go find Lana I'm coming Lana
knowledge junkie says I haven't made it
too many streams lately either of you
signed up for anything interesting
coming up like Magic the Gathering
excited sir I'm assuming right notes
just signed up
imagine the gathering arena risk of rain
- or anything else I you know what I got
enough old shit down my plate I'm I'm
not too bothered with whatever comes out
ya know nice you know I saw the I'm
paying attention to the devlog of risk
of rain - it looks it looks like they're
still figuring out the game though to be
to be honest with you so I'm not I'm not
holding my breath on that one which one
risk of rain - okay they I don't know if
they even know what's going on how do
you not know what's going on the sequel
like what are they doing something right
is it a radical departure yes yes it is
it is a third-person okay shooter now
okay I didn't call the risk afraid -
that's a weird interesting it looks like
it's going to be very similar to risk of
rain except for third person shooter but
it looks like they're going for a very
similar thing
but but it also looks like they're not
anywhere near a stage where we can even
look at the game yet you know nope nope
nope
why are you over there well comic books
or graphic novels is expensive as they
are now when you read preacher I can't
find preacher issues anywhere cheaper
than 20 bucks each by the way I live in
Europe well I mean that's the nature of
something that's out of print I mean it
goes up in price over time
preacher wasn't twenty bucks when I came
out any of you but I don't know I don't
know what's happened to comic book
prices in the last ten years cuz I
haven't been I haven't bought a comic
book in a very long time now
you know it's maybe maybe my preacher
issues are worth a mint
I don't know I don't have a lot of the
earlier ones okay
I think I got everything like the
halfway point on by digital man by if
you get if you have a tablet or I mean
heck even just you know regular computer
but if you if you have a tablet there
are a million reader you know great
comic book readers out there and they
look great on your tablet and they are
super cheap you can get a full full
trade paperback for like five six bucks
there you go
the issues are pretty expensive now
since the depths of steep death of Steve
Dylan oh yeah that's sad
he's the artist oh I like desert - nice
clean comic book style mm-hmm I like
that
that'll do it that'll drive the prices
up
well yeah don't be afraid of digital
that is that's how I consume 99% of my
comics nowadays is digital and you know
you go through a site like Amazon or
comixology and honestly comic I'll
comiXology zoned up by Amazon now so
just doesn't matter
Dylan fit preacher really well he did
because he he got the humor
Steve Steve Dylan could draw a hilarious
expression on the face of somebody
getting decapitated like nobody else
fucking hell oh that's where Lana oh I
went to rescue the wrong one oh shit
that's my fault then sorry Lana I went
to rescue the butterfly lady and
apparently that wasn't Lana I was
imagined Steve Dylan's sense of humor
was just as dark as Garth unisys
what do you die of Chad I don't expect
you know jack what Steve Dylan better
III don't know it Stevie I I don't even
know if I knows who's Steve Dylan is
Gaea drew preacher well besides that I
know you just told me that but I don't
know is that doesn't that doesn't mean
anything to me
I hate looking at this game deal with it
the stream is truly a podcast at this
point that's fine not always the case
but I think I think for most of you
that's always the case so I'm just not
gonna I'm not gonna feel too harsh about
that this is a game I really want to
play right now and I'm playing it
ruptured appendix
yeah stable cause death died of a
ruptured of yeah that still happens
apparently do you remember like in the
90s didn't it seem like it fucking
everyone was getting their appendix
taken care taken out
no oh there's just people you know
everyone was getting their appendix
taken out I don't think I know anyone
well now that I there's nothing I heard
about had their appendix removed yeah
yeah maybe I just I was hanging with the
wrong crowd I was hanging with the
appendix crowd something something in
the water when you apparently bad well
water bad well water on the farm
all right all right all right where's
Lana she's heading up there Lana has
created the magic circle fuck and
finally I'm coming Lana I'm coming you
hold that dragon
hey DT qka cuz I am NOT gonna try and
pronounce that great says speaking of
weird old comics rich have you read the
max there was an old animated series I
want to say an MTV yes there was an
animated series on MTV uh-huh for the
max and I I don't remember loving it I
was fine with the max okay you know for
an image comic at the time it wasn't bad
because most of image was garbage
yeah the the savage dragon and then you
had the max and just a lot of crap were
you a fan of the max uh no no I was not
a fan of the back okay I was a fan of I
don't I don't know I was a fan of this
good is that what you're thinking of
maybe that's what I'm thinking of I'm a
big fan of good there's another weird
comic from the 90s oh yeah yeah
scud the disposable assassin is
definitely a favor of mine die Agatha
you like Sam Keats art well he did he
didn't have a unique style
for what the max for everything he drew
yeah I like the max I like the look of
him he's a weird-looking uh I've never
read the max but I like the look of him
mm-hmm
he's a weird-looking hero and I'd and I
dig that I was someone I was talking
with someone about like good spider-man
runs today and it reminded me of it
reminded me of this this run of Peter
Parker spider-man yeah do you remember
that that comic Peter Parker spider-man
how was it called it was called
something like like excessive violence
Oh hold on I know I got it now I got to
look this up really quick just speaking
of weirdo arch what is it what is this
it was it was a storyline it was just a
story lying volume I think it was volume
for three volumes five hold on
no vol.5 hold on
it was just a story line and I want to
say it was called senseless violence
that's what it was called that sounds
less familiar Peter Parker spider-man
and the the trade is volume 5 okay and
it's called senseless violence and it
has this really over-the-top art style
that is really off-putting at first but
like as especially spider-man is really
cool-looking like like not not human
looking at all just very cartoony very
exaggerated so it's a spider-man that I
really enjoy I'm gonna say I think I
know the artist you're talking about
I just Google that hold on let's see if
I can if I can show you a page with this
spider-man because like art that was
almost like like graffiti art just hyper
exaggerated hyper exaggerated yes I
think I know exactly what you're talking
about I can't think of his name let's
see if Amazon can tell us who wrote this
did you know wrote it someone in the
chat look it up and tell me who or who
drew it Ramos that sounds familiar
yes yes Ramos Humberto Ramos I think
that's it that it Humberto Ramos that
sounds right that sounds like the artist
I love are you sure it was Peter Parker
spider-man or not spectacular I thought
he did some runs in spectacular yeah
Peter Parker spider-man oh it was even
more exaggerated than that but yeah
that's that's pretty close yeah I can
love that his eyes I love his like the
big black part of his Iseman just the
tiny white little slits ah yeah that's
um
art yeah I don't like it when the white
of the eyes is too big now some good art
and you know like it had some really
neat villains and it's a really good
story and at the at the end of that was
that that was that that's that really
needs Sandman's
story that's that's that's the cover
issue I remember fuck yeah Humberto
Ramos drew some great spider-man through
some fucking great spider-man and and
yeah that senseless violence trade is
Jaso a wonder many many years ago
because I'm an old old man you know III
like a lot of different style of art but
I I really do like it when when an
artist has a personality doing doing it
you know doing a Google image search at
the time I don't think I gave him enough
love at the time well it's different
it's it's a it's a big and interesting
art style you know uh-huh and so I could
see it especially if you're coming from
someone like like romita jr. oh yeah you
know who do I love for me to do I know I
know you do that's why I bring it up but
if you're coming from someone like him
who drew you know very human looking
should be proportions yeah yeah then
then you go to Humberto Ramos and it's a
it's his fucking kick to the head
yeah what am I supposed to do
being an old man is a problem that's
just going to get worse I'm all aware
yeah being an old man doesn't go away
rich I think you're one of the few that
love Junior junior / junior senior that
that might be true yes
I definitely do though just rich Junior
is my favorite spider-man artist by far
Zack of the axis says Milwaukee was
wonderful it reminds me a lot of Buffalo
where I live
Jack yeah thanks for telling me about
Vanguard great food yeah thank God the
only disappointment was finding out I
couldn't buy beer from a store after
9:00 oh yeah I guess I should have
warned you about that that is a shock to
most people but at least we're not
Minnesota Minnesota actually I think
they just recently got rid of this rule
Minnesota used to not sell beer on
Sundays still didn't Indiana used to be
that way maybe him maybe it still is for
all I know right but I remember that
being a thing in Indiana
it just got rid of the room like you
know there's there's like neighbor
there's like towns what town is it over
there look Eclair
like who a lot of their business is just
selling booze to people from Minneapolis
mm-hmm on Sundays this is pretty short
drive where are you gonna start bidding
on sports more now that gambling will
get passed in more States I'm probably
not I'm gonna lose my damn money
gambling is fun in moderation but don't
make it away a life hard to make a
living off of the only have you only
gamble what you're willing to lose
you'll be you'll be all right yeah I
think that's the problem for a lot of
people though is figuring out what
you're willing to lose go to the casino
expecting to lose 100 bucks like think
of it like that's what you're just gonna
pay that's that's what you're gonna pay
to have a fun night you expect to lose
that money you'll have a nice time to
casino
oh shit but don't go expect to spend 100
and when you lose that well here's
another hundred and is that's this we
start running into problems yeah I lost
that 100 I need to make that back so I
got spent to
okay who's following
West Coast wants to know whose game is
worth getting I think it is kinda all
depends on how much you like this style
of game I mean you're watching it this
it's it doesn't get deeper than this it
you you run around and and you hit the
things so I guess you kind of got to
decide for yourself if that's something
you enjoy I frankly you know do enjoy it
a lot but you know if you don't that's
that's you you tell me the artist on
that spider-man run was francisco
herrera
not Humberto Ramos Francisco Carrera
Carrera herrr aid and we need some
confirmation on this because obviously
we want to you know credit the right
person here
so who who tells us in baritone Ramos
and are you wrong well the one I'm
thinking about I'm pretty damn sure it
was Ramos
so I'm said no the specific story you're
talking about you're not I can't say for
sure because I did not read that story
and here he is credited on the Marvel
site who I don't know they didn't say
you want to switch back over yeah yeah
let's figure this out let's figure this
out because I really enjoy that art
style
there's the monster here
well that cover looks like john romita
jr. but that's just the cover right okay
so they're saying they're saying art by
Francisco herrera's say Sam Keith
Michael O'Hara and Corey Randolph so oh
there you go okay yep you guys are right
because that Deadpool looks like him too
that Deadpool looks like very very uh
online go back to his name let me google
his name for a second hold on right
there
Fran Cisco okay
I got it let me look at images for
Francisco Herrera oh yes that's that's
the one right there okay that's the one
you guys are absolutely right
I never should have doubted chat until
well it was also chat who said Alberto
Ramos yes
Francisco Herrera is the artist look at
that I think Ramos was definitely a guy
I was thinking about look at that look
at that spider-man and black hat look at
how big and weird that is I love it
fucking love it and now I know alright
and now I know Thank You Chet Thank You
Chad for you know giving me the wrong
name and then correcting that's all that
matters all right let me get back to the
game now Francisco Herrera
I gotta figure out what I'm doing here
cheap saboteurs west
okay okay we're doing we're gonna order
over doing fine everything's fine
everything's fine
is to your fire thing let's do your fire
thing and let me hit you come on
yeah Mike Mike Mike yeah
now sting it
hi how's dungeons and dragons going very
well it's going very very well where I'm
working on the the second part of my of
my epic tale right now I'm working on
writing it and in the meantime my
ten-year-old who played with us insisted
on writing his own story because you
know he had he had just such a good time
playing that he wanted to he wanted to
be the dungeon man yeah
and so you know that's one of those
things like oh man he's played one game
of Dungeons Dragon and wants to be the
dungeon master all right and he actually
wrote a like a pretty decent little
thing for us you know most of it was
combat which is which is fair because
that's the part he really liked mm-hmm
but he actually wrote a really neat trap
for us where we got to the treasure room
and we were going after the the The Lost
fish statue of Atlantis I don't know why
it was lost fish statue it but you know
that just does not matter you're setting
the seeds for this kid to be a loser in
high school for him to be very creative
and have lots of friends is what you
mean right
yeah yeah he's very creative so many so
many people are gonna think he's so
creative yeah you know doom started out
as a D&D; campaign oh yeah yeah see there
you go
I bet John Carmack played D&D;
that the all of Ede studios so there you
go I rest my case
and I guess Carmack was was was very
anal about you know there being actual
consequences for things sure sure and
Romero did something stupid and unleash
demons upon the world
and that was just the end of the
campaign it's like the demons one ha ha
ha Carmack wasn't willing to have a
creative solution out it was just like
no you released the demons demons took
over who's done you've destroyed the
world John Romero you've destroyed the
world huh see and that you know that
demons invading that that was what
eventually you know became doom so what
you're saying is D&D; is what was really
great and it's definitely something that
I feel I have nothing against D&D; Jay
but but so you know we were going after
the the lost fish statue of Atlantis
right and oh yeah and and we find it in
in the DNG campaign that my 10 year old
row yeah and we find the fish statue and
you know we get to the the fish statue
room and it's it's just the statue
sitting at the end of a long room no
enemies and as I'll get something yeah
something's definitely happening here
and you know we both me and my wife
tried to you know role perception to see
if we could find any traps and we did we
didn't roll high enough and we weren't
able to find any traps uh-huh and and so
you know we take we take the fish statue
off of off of the little pedestal it's
on and all of a sudden it triggers a
trap of course and what he built in the
room what he built you know like we he
has the room drawn out we have this
giant grid paper so you draw through but
there's Legos everywhere because I use
Legos for all of our props and so what
he built you're playing D&D; with your
family it's the most adorable thing I'm
honestly I'm loving it I think I think
it's great I think it oh great we're
getting some neighbors to come by
because we were talking about D&D; and
that they might join us they have a kid
in my kids age and and so they're gonna
try to join us and oh yeah I've never
played D&D; either in their you know
adults
oh it's great fun so what he did was he
built a lego ceiling to go over this
room that had forced at like four stacks
of like two by two bricks right and so
goes the ceiling starts lowering and he
goes and this is how I have no idea how
he figured this rule out but he's like
for every action you take the ceiling
will lower so you need to figure out is
the door locked
and the ceiling happens and so it's just
like oh shit oh shit I'm going to
inspect the pedestal you know roll for
perception and we don't see anything on
the pedestal that was one action and he
takes away one of the two bites you
break so
so he's actually lowering the ceiling as
we're playing of course you know we have
little Lego guys right so eventually
like we get so far down our Lego guys
have to actually physically bang down to
be in there and and it was a door we
didn't get out of the room how'd you get
out of the room the key was and there
was a little nurse hints on the wall we
found some hints on the wall the fish
the the the sacred stone fish was the
key we had to use the fish to get out of
the room but of course we were looking
for keys and looking for other things
I'm impressed
but his solution was that you have to
use the fish of course I'm impressed
oh it was good fun oh yeah I'm here yeah
no I I was really impressed you know a
lot of a lot of his campaign was a bit
of a was a bit of a slog just because
it's a lot of kind of older of course
but I'm saying for a ten-year-old yeah
like he came up with some really good
bits and of course it was us as a family
it was our second time playing and so no
he came up with some really good bits
where am i if your kid was the DM what
was your character I decided to be a
half-orc monk and by the way I decided
this purely because like I found like a
character randomizer yeah and and I
found a half-orc Monken and I saw I
looked in the player handbook and that
actually seemed pretty cool okay a monk
is like a is like a kungfu D&D; character
and so I thought that was really neat
like they use a hand-to-hand combat they
can take to combat turns okay
or they can do to combat worth of damage
and so like he had some cool things
going with them so so I was playing a
monk
was my character half-orc monk and I
thought it was rather important that
just cuz my other kid is a ranger to
have someone who's who has a decent
amount of strength found the team how's
that chicken again
so know as a boy monk also half they
know they know me half-orc monks are
usually bald so so it's just like and so
we found it leggo dude and it's just me
a shirtless dude with that little like
monk skirt thing we found a good Lego
form just like you but wrong and like
two big things yeah lower jaw exactly
doing kung-fu oh my God look the moon is
crushing the dragon I get it I get it
yeah then the moon turned into fairies I
don't know oh well no the great fairy
brought the moon down that was that the
great fairy pond awakened and it doesn't
matter fanservice
oh shit
yeah boom
I got you dragon so you know it was fun
I'd like to work there's there's so much
with character building that we haven't
even dived into yet just because it's so
it gets so deep you know like you're
supposed to kind of fashion a backstory
and yeah and so so there is a whole lot
that I don't quite understand yet
like there's allegiances and alliances
and all sorts of stuff that I'll get to
eventually button oh it's the Majoris
game or the the Twilight Princess game
yeah
Jack wasn't I by the way I was thinking
of Bard I was that was my first choice
was Bard
because they're like magic users who use
musical instruments of course and I did
want to do more spells but then I
thought that we could really use someone
we could use a bruiser is what I was
thinking just because of the other
people in my party I wanted to make sure
that we force yeah just someone who
could throw some punches did you figure
your kids campaign was gonna be combat
heavy yes it's very very much so that's
what he enjoyed oh ya know and the the
other thing that I figured out he really
enjoyed was was looting he he was really
adamant about like every single box oh
my god I died every single box in every
single room like he made sure to place
like five or six boxes in every room and
at least one or two always had something
in it like he loved and then he wrote
out little on little scraps of paper
like what they were and handed him out
to us so we could loot everything and
that that's what the part he really
loves it's just like oh yeah he was a
sword and this is the sword of strength
and it gives you this and this is the
sword of nightmares and it's yeah like
he drew a little picture I was adorable
it was always great it was just great
so yeah we had a great time we had a
great time we are gonna play it more and
and I'm really looking forward to it
really looking forward to playing it
more and you know more so getting more
than like we have a lot of LEGO pieces
for like rooms stuff but I want I want
outdoor stuff like everybody that I've
seen who has videos like has a just a
collection of miniatures like I want a
little trees and little buildings to put
on my map I want I want shit to put on a
map so like a Games Workshop in the area
a Games Workshop and that are the people
that have all that miniature stuff oh
yeah like there's um what do we have we
have board game barrister here oh yeah
they probably do stuff like that too so
they probably have stuff like that and
you know everybody has been very shit
you know ton of people have been very
like supportive and vocal about ways to
get shit and and so I have plenty of
stop it she'd find any old hobby store
and get the that kind of fake foliage
they use for railroad tracks yeah that's
what I need any train stuff all kinds of
little trees yeah mossy clumps for
bushes need to find a model train store
but yeah like that's the thing there's
stuff everywhere and you know just go to
ebay or go to go to fucking every garage
sale that you come across so I'm not
worried because we have so many Legos
that that were we're gonna be fine for a
while arts arts
gotcha
gotcha dragon
gotcha Drago
I deal with some of these peripheral
characters now because we have so many
of them oh oh I beat someone apparently
okay great great that's great
everything's great alright alright try
it
Oh what's happening like I'm supposed to
fucking not I thought I was supposed to
know but glowing greens that he's
invulnerable hey I wish I could tell you
man
I thought I knew what was going on I
thought I had it under control
Jack I think killing all those dudes
just made more dudes come in yes yes I
see that there's so many dudes that's
okay we can just keep killing this
dragon I think I have to kill a dragon
come on keep keep fighting him please
thank you keep fighting him and plant it
nice kill the dudes kill the dudes
yeah and dragon everything's gonna be
fine I got I got this boss down now I
know what's up I know the score
or do i there is a really old
Ghostbusters RPG that is interesting as
well
Ghostbusters RPG mm-hmm why a business
RPG well that's it like they're like I
said they're just so fucking that like
D&D; that has this whole like commerce
system like we're supposed to have a
home that we go to every once in a like
there there is there there's all this
stuff that I don't know yet just because
I'm I'm not involved in regular campaign
jumping but yeah there's a lot that that
I just have no idea about that is part
of the game running the business oh I
wasn't being sarcastic I just presumed
it would be yeah I'd be disappointed of
running your business wasn't part of the
egos Foster's role-playing game right
come on there we go there we go we're
doing it we're doing it it's great it's
going great it's going great
it's going great it's going great
shit let's go great but a lot of hurts
well I'm almost how about a heart how
about a heart
do you just have to kill the dragon I
think I don't know shit shit shit how do
you get it down on the ground that seems
to be the only way you can injure it oh
yeah when his tail turns blue I shoot it
I shoot it with a hook shot it's a
couple over there - behind you there oh
good I got a steel I got still okay
here we go here we go this should be it
this should be it there should be it hit
him die you damn yeah oh good alright
thank the maker
oh okay okay full help from doing that
great Jesus Christ how long does this go
on for fucking Everett oh that's great
oh now I gotta fight dances so you see
now I gotta fight Santa okay come here
Santa
give me nothing I mean nothing compared
to that dragon
week
your week we got nothing
hey Randy
this is a this is a little excessive
I'll be honest this is good this is
going out for a long time it's going on
for a very long time you're saying it'll
be faster if you had a good weapon or a
higher level yeah well obviously this is
store or we're good at the game oh there
you go there it is there it is thank you
they're dicks check our chat is full of
dicks full full of dicks
that's why you know what it's gonna be
fine
there we go there we go boom
that didn't do anything
gosh dang it would you guys hit him it's
like are you part of this army
I am like I'm just playing the story
mode I'm not I'm not really like mid
maxing or you know like grinding my
character at all this is just kind of
where I am in the story so Jack keeps
switching out characters every level
this game is stupidly designed for you
to stick with one character the whole
game and you'll level up at the correct
rate no because every certain levels you
can only choose certain characters so in
this level if you look on the top left
you'll see Midna and butterfly girl do
they intend for you to go through the
whole thing is linked no you can't you
can't I can only be midnight butterfly
girl on this level yeah so so whoever
said that is incorrect I'm playing the
story mode where you have to be specific
characters at specific times okay as you
as you know tyreel I think if you're
playing free mode Scott 905 75 in chat
says this game doesn't seem very good
III you know I said that earlier and I
was the worst human being that ever
exists
Scott son I'd watch your back in that
chat yeah I'd watch your back in there
well I'm having a good time but we can
call it yeah okay good get his way for
this story thing to be over tits McGee
is back tits McGillicuddy yep
that who right
are they supposed to be the same how is
that in its like anime how are you
supposed to tell yeah her face it just
looks like yours just like cloud 2 and
Goku um yeah that's the problem
but we made it so much stuff great great
great
oh we got so much stuff no that's stuff
we got fuck yeah fuck yeah well we
earned a medal
we earned another medal great shit yeah
I don't know what that is not to be
disrespectful but the same could be said
about Steve Dylan's drawings well the
same could be said about a lot of
different art styles I said about every
Jim Davis character right and who was it
you know Ida you're not on social media
as much as I am but I'll tell you my
speaking of characters looking alike
might why not one of my favorite
rebuttals a lot of people have been very
whiny and monie about this whole
Thundercats Go situation yeah and one of
the big complaints that we heard here in
chat is this looks just like every other
Cartoon Network show with big goofy
characters which is why I was thinking
of that what the anime because you could
say the same thing about the anime well
and so my hanna-barbera cartoons well my
favorite one was someone took like all
the old like GI Joe and transformers
carried like and put all their faces
next to each other they're fucking
identical like fucking identical yes you
can say that about a lot of art styles
oh I'm just so fucking sick of that art
style that's fair but I mean it's just
that's what's in style right now for
better or worse right and right that's
what all the hip kids are doing all the
hep kids are making big goofy styles oh
I don't I don't know if I did talk about
this this just because it won't mean
much to rich who stupidly has not seen
the expanse yet but in hindsight didn't
I make the right choice
no no cuz because oh my god
sci-fi cancel the expanse but apparently
mr. B's os-- is a big fan no Jack huh it
pays to be a billionaire okay you get
any TV show you won as long as the a
billionaire loves a show you don't have
to worry again
so it's expanse season 5 is coming to
Amazon Prime streaming very good news or
season 4 I forget what season but no
it's still a very good show it's
phenomenal there it's it's a so far this
season has been fantastic and I'm really
happy that they got picked up by Amazon
really happy
dr. evil saved the day you know you know
that we can have some problem with the
bees oh s--- but but he that's one
positive tic what's what's the problem
with the bee sauce what did he ever did
it was terrible his he treats his
employees me i I'm not hip to this
apparently working at an Amazon sorting
facility is absolute hell on earth okay
and and many i think i've heard that
many of his employees actually even
though they work full-time jobs still
have to apply for government support
because they don't get paid enough and
so yeah okay you know which is fair
amazon is the new Walmart and here's
where we are but he gets one one good
tick you saved us Joe I like
we can't say too many bad things on them
as we are streaming through his channel
I just thought about that oh shit
