Jun 17, 2018
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/274566265
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/274568882
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/274571831
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjsZ5xxlyKc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YUHvJ3GHFM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phYB8NXTRJ4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1008429180478984193

[Part I]
okay now now alright let's test this yay
perfect works perfect terrain so before
we went to the negative zone with the
camera the reason it got worse last time
is because I accidentally or I
mistakenly put the delay on the camera
and so that's when it got worse but now
we put the delay in the audio so
everything should be fine
who knows why we had to do that we
didn't have to do that with the old
computer but hey things are the music is
loud rich can you turn down the
that should be good
how's that how's that music how's that
rocking for you better great well no the
music just stopped in the game so shit
you're probably fuckin know now Eva
there's no way to know hey Happy
Father's Day everybody
yes wonderful day what a wonderful day
as it happens every year my wife gave me
the best Father's Day present which is a
quiet house that's all I ever want which
it's just quiet Father's Day I want
nothing to do with any of my children
pretty much or family member as much you
know I I love my children okay yup
you've got ones as hack frauds I didn't
expect you guys to actually play this on
stream are you playing the hearts of
stone or just campaign I'm still in the
main campaign apparently though I can't
continue until we download the hearts of
stone sounds annoying but I'm just in
the main campaign so I don't know why
that's open this save hearts of stone
expansion well shit we'll see how long
that takes to download because that was
our whole plan can you exit the the
overlay so I can download things please
i slayed plans rich thank you no problem
best laid plans after it now we did at
least we didn't check to make sure the
game wasn't stalled but that we did I
rich was like what do you feel like
playing I say oh you know what I was
playing a little Witcher 3 today and I'd
like to keep doing that I texted you
that a few hours we should be ready
ahead of time of course at a time of
course and then and okay
still updating okay so you know I said
hey is what your free download it and it
was but shit so let's uh let's doubt
let's see how long this takes to
download it's just an expansion so I
can't imagine that'll take too long but
of course we are streaming which in the
meantime this is gonna take for fucking
ever isn't it great in don't worry rich
I have a back-up plan which Evans is not
associated with this game stream oh now
no it's going it's fine it's fine
okay so father's day quiet yeah I don't
think it's an unreasonable request to
you know I have a little break you know
because because I work from home it
means that I usually watch my children a
lot I'm in charge of my children a lot
and so bars moving awfully slowly well
we'll see how far we get I have a
back-up plan don't I have a backup well
yeah as soon as soon as we're done just
chit-chatting about nonsense we'll see
how far we get and if we're not anywhere
near then I go to backup line okay
so uh I get quiet I got to finish a book
that I was reading which I'm really
happy about I just got like I have like
four or five solid hours of no one
bothering me yeah and no
responsibilities and I finished my book
that's nice
it's called it's called Thisby fest OOP
and the Black Mountain okay and it's
it's like a young adult adventure novel
actually I got it for my kid but I
started reading it and really enjoyed it
and it's it's about you know it's like a
fantasy setting thing and I thought it
was really cute and I got I got to
finish that today and I was really happy
so really happy about finishing the book
um we are now at 20% are we singing
backup plan person person in chat yeah I
am very aware that XCOM is now on GOG
and is in fact you know it's DRM because
it's dear and free because GOG of course
and it's currently 80% off what's this
gog is having a summer
and I didn't I didn't discover this
until last night uh-huh and obviously no
one was around but I excitedly posted
about it in our chat for anyone anyone
who might be around oh my god except
XCOM butts on GOG well here I'm free
it's 80% off oh my god
I'll tell you I'll tell you right I knew
about this weeks ago people because
people didn't follow me
well here's the thing because Mia people
were tweeting it at me incessantly and I
guess I just had assumed that this is
something you knew no of cause why
wouldn't you know that XCOM is on GOG
two of your favorite things are now
together why wouldn't you know about
that right and so you told me and you
were very excited I was like oh I
thought you already have it so I'm sorry
that I didn't tell you earlier you got
to get Twitter rich look for every
useful post there's gonna be about 2,000
jackasses asking me about Star Wars
hey as the person who runs previously
recorded Twitter
I can guarantee that's true Star Wars
Star Wars Star Wars why don't you like
The Last of Us star wars star wars star
wars yeah yeah I should definitely get
that Twitter yeah that's exactly what it
is and and then a ton of people sending
you the exact same article going hey I
know you like this thing here's an
article about it but you know what we do
get some good there is some good stuff
in there sometimes people be like hey
you know this game have you seen this
game I know you like this other game and
you know we get a lot of good
recommendations from that button
it's our Star Wars Star Wars Star Wars
you know we got an email recently rich
yeah and I was planning on not really
responding to it but since we have a few
more minutes to kill here we're at 50%
already so I'm doing good the the email
was saying like besides the whole DRM
thing yeah assuming that that's point
number one if we were to take a survey
and recommend any changes to Steam
obviously number one DRM yeah what do
you think any other recommendations
would be this was a question posted to
us via email and that's it's a big
question and you
and I aren't necessarily user interface
experts right right but you know I
started thinking about it besides the
whole you don't own your game thing
which obviously is point number one
right and point number two for me is it
is an awful browsing experience yes
shopping you can't just go shopping on
Steam you have to know what you're
looking for ahead of time because
there's too much shit there's just so
much crap everywhere and it's it's
intimidating and it's infuriating
because you know if you say oh you know
what I like I like adventure games Oh
adventure games and a list of 80,000
adventure games comes up and everyone
has different user reviews and everyone
is 80% good and 90% bad and yeah and so
that was my big that was my big thing I
figured we could take this time so
whoever wrote us that you know could
hear it right now um two minds on this
again I could see we're curation really
useful I think of a hand I don't mind
that there are options even if a lot of
them are crap yeah but maybe if they
were just like a filter the crap I seem
have like a button that was just crap
filter crap filters
yeah the steam store crap the crap
filtered experience yeah and then on the
other side of that you've got wild wild
steam yes you have to steam browsing
experience as it changes with the click
of a button yes the curated option yoram
we're gonna filter out all of these
games and you're just gonna see the
curated ones yeah but anybody can sub
post shit on Steam and if you don't have
the curation filter on here's all of the
crap right like he and you can like oh
you can choose your curators we have
maybe our steam recommends we have
bestsellers you be a steam now it should
be a steam official curated option
segment store it's nice so and it's the
good shit it's the quality show or or I
don't know anime tips and bad rats all
it is is a shovel it's just a shovel
that you click and you just start seeing
or the crap actually I like that act I
think that's a really good idea yeah are
you guys a part of the steam curation
system would no I I and I know there is
like they've they basically
crowd-sourced curation they have steam
curators an influencer if you just do
about like what's popular with the users
then it's like the the tyranny of the
masses like every steam game would be
some kind of fortnight knockoff and I'd
never find anything that I like that's
true so you need an official steam yeah
curated and not just a brute users
recommend it like they do have like
curated they have curators yeah like
they have like oh you know if you like
you know no no no no the steam offer for
every game they like it needs to be an
official valve steam curated segments
seal of quality seal of quality yeah
turn the filter off all the shit I think
that's a great idea
yeah animate its versus regular tits
right
you could probably trust more on word of
mouth than an online storefront but but
then at that point steam this is about
the shopping experience the browsing
experience the discovering something new
experience and so if you're gonna find
like let's say you you have a website
that you go to that you get all your
gaming news from and you know that game
looks interesting then you go to steam
and search for that game then why even
have a storefront at all just have an
alphabetical a to Z list of every game
available having a storefront serves no
purpose at that point if you're not
using them as a storefront but if they
have some sort of we think this is a
really good game or an interesting game
or the steam seal of approval then you
have a storefront you have a purpose
yeah it's not just wading through shite
great that downloaded rather fast
how about valve ignore steam and I don't
know makes a game valve is far more
valuable as steam provider than they are
making games by the choose between
half-life 3 and and steam as much as I
have issues with the
erm steam this kept PC games cheap and
easily available right think about what
you're asking steam is far more valuable
than valve making half-life 3 yeah like
whoever just wrote that is advocating
for valve to give up steam take a moment
take a moment my friend because we don't
want that to happen okay rich yeah turn
her back on oh that was a that was a
quick and easy download there oh god
what happened can valve not do both well
they're early they're only interested in
doing one of these two things obviously
they're not interested in half-life 3
yeah and let's be honest but you say
valve should make games again all you
give a shit about is half-life 3
listen portals a great game do you
really do we really need portal 3 is it
necessary we did I I even though I
enjoyed a lot of it I don't think we
needed portal 2 but as you know what as
a as a company that was willing the the
reason would that we got portal is
because as a company valve was willing
to put out something that was a little
weird and risky they were they had their
money behind that so you know we'll
bundle this with with the half-life
series and with Team Fortress 2 because
it's a weird quirky little thing right
you know if people don't like it's
bundled with other games but they were
able to make it because they had a
little seal of approval
I like the Moneyball movie I know you're
I mean really remember the movie I
remember I loved the book though oh
there you go the book is better the book
is more interesting it's always that
case I did hear good things about the
movie though that's Brad Pitt and Jonah
Hill yeah yeah yeah
oh they went away they used to have like
red bricks on the floor over here
okay
we have to come up with a better way to
have our contributes it's the story
about how nerds changed baseball oh yeah
yeah and it's also a story about Billy
Beane and how he had all these
expectations to be a great player and he
wasn't and and why he wasn't and how the
new way they're looking at statistics
via Moneyball factors into why he wasn't
a great player it's a great book it
actually like as someone who is not a
sports fan in any way it actually sounds
like a really interesting read uh-huh so
by the way look at this creature I'm not
gonna fight it because it's too powerful
for me but I came across it on my way
over here look at this thing I'm gonna
get close and then I'm gonna run away
I want to get closer and run away
because it is so cool-looking just kill
it no I can't it's too powerful look at
it look at it isn't that cool
alright Roach run away run away hey do
you name him roaches his name just Roach
his name is just ok ok
I ran into that guy in my way I'm on a
little side mission an old lady asked me
to check out her house that was full of
ghosts yeah and I ran into that dude I
was like oh he's so cool look and I want
to fight him but he's at a much higher
level than I am so I'm not fucking with
him
it bothered me that Brad Pitt's team
never won a World Series well if you're
if you're looking up Moneyball is some
kind of feel-good narrative it's just
it's just not bad it's it's and and the
fact the reason the reason his team
didn't go on to win a World Series is
because other teams started ripping off
their system ah this is the same metric
is just a thing yeah that's what teams
do now whoa all right because they
changed baseball and changing the face
of baseball doesn't necessarily mean
winning at all the baseball's yeah well
I mean it means they were really
efficient with a cheap team they still
weren't good enough to win but they had
to put together a team on a budget sure
it's like there was a year when like I
think I was like the A's had a new owner
and they like slash the budget and what
they're willing to pay players and they
lost like a lot of good players when I
was like Mark McGwire and yeah they lost
some good players okay Jose Canseco I
think oh okay and say well now we got to
put together a team and we have we can't
afford good players and they they just
had to take another look on what made a
good player and how you can put together
a team efficiently with without using
superstars
okay
if there's a beer happy I can be the
chicken flavored chicken to chat soon
I love the Last of Us despite its balls
but I feel as if the sequel could
collapse under the weight of its own
bullshit well the first one collapsed
under the weight of its own bullshit
like almost immediately for me by all
accounts the second one looks to be
exactly the same as the first one so if
that's something you're into that's
great you're gonna have it for anyone
who really enjoyed the Last of Us it
looks like the Last of Us 2 is gonna be
a great time for you but for anyone who
didn't you ain't its then that's fine
that's that's fucking you know you know
what you know what the Last of Us is huh
it's macaroni in a flashy bowl all right
I'm down with your metaphor
no all right vanquish third person
shooter right Vanquishers of the third
person it's some high-quality macaroni
it's macaroni if there's there's bacon
in the macaroni your seasonings got
those breadcrumbs
we've got those bread crumbs on top and
you know what it's a very functional
Bowl okay it's a it's a it's a clean
it's a clean plastic bowl with smooth
lines it's but it's not a fancy bowl but
its pleasant to look at
it's a bowl that gets the job done yeah
The Last of Us
it's just straight-up Kraft macaroni and
cheese but it's in like a ceramic bowl
with all these designs carved into it
and there's like somebody put like an
umbrella into the bowl but it's just you
know what it's just plain watered-down
macaroni
I'm a gamer I want I want the fancy
macaroni in the in the plain bowl rather
than plain macaroni in the fancy bowl
I'm absolutely down with your analogy
here
yes I want macaroni not a bowl I'm a
gamer
love you rich but you're full of shit
how how am i full of shit please explain
how I am full of shit please explain how
the last of us isn't really bland
gameplay mechanics with a lot of polish
and storytelling in Polish
and and by and by the way I'm gonna play
a little devil's advocate here yeah
if you are a person who's just into the
story experience good for you enjoyable
right exactly really don't care but but
also understand that there is a
difference between story and gameplay
and if you dig the last of us because of
the story that's fine that's perfectly
fine
we don't want too harsh on your story
buzz but no matter how good your bowl is
that doesn't change the the quality of
mac and cheese that goes in it to keep
with this analogy we're not old lady yet
hey old lady I got rid of ghosts wait a
merchant
got anything interesting gig one says do
you guys have a wish lists of games you
want to play that are out not like a
list there's games I know I need to get
to and maybe I don't get to them someday
but yeah it's it's not a matter of just
going through a list because you have to
be in the mood for whatever it is we'll
agreed and like not only do you have to
be in the mood you need time yeah and
sometimes that's the part of the
equation that fails the hardest I mean
it for me at least where it's just like
like The Witcher 3 I have I have about
40 hours into it at this point in time
30 40 hours I forget like somewhere
around there and I would love to just
spend an entire week and play nothing
but Witcher 3 but that just won't happen
then you have Firewatch which is a
really fancy bowl there's just like a
bean in it
this is a single bean uncooked being
grateful though and the be like a lot of
people don't like beans but it's like
lentil it's like and it's dirty and it's
not for everyone but lentils are good
what are you crazy
oh yeah I think I have do I have a
saddle bag on Roach I don't actually
know
how do I know if I have a saddlebag on a
roach cuz I do there it is that a better
saddle David II know people says hey
Jake and rich hi you guys should play
injustice to now it was the perfect time
because it's Father's Day and Jack
promised what are some Jack promise oh
you did not but okay what are some
stories Jack of other lies you've told
lol fuck my pork pancake you do you care
to address this I have promised that at
one point we will play injustice to I
don't know if I necessarily promised we
would play it today okay
I like injustice and we should play
injustice too and I think playing it we
will have a lot of fun you'll talk about
comic books and general comic book
absurdity because last time we had a lot
of fun doing that if I need a roach near
me right to put this saddle on them no
no apparently not okay great all right
we're dead old lady you know
all right young once is rich your
favorite Star Wars character Jar Jar
Binks are jaxtr Dexter my favorite fire
escape character is John Crichton the
protagonist I think a show needs a good
strong solid protagonist that you like
and convert for well yeah he does do
that fish-out-of-water
young and so you know like he not only
is he the protagonist but like you know
he is he's also the the excuse for the
world-building is you know like they're
not just telling him what's going on
right right right yeah that's always
it's always better I think to have that
as your protagonist instead of like the
side character who's like what's this
light like the the the goofy sidekick
who doesn't know what's going on then
you just you just you're mad at the
sidekick why don't you know why don't
you know these things but if they're
telling us the audience through the eyes
of the protagonist that makes it a
little better a little easier to swallow
I think mr. bobble sock blobs mr. bobble
socks bombs says rich they have in the
bag a copy and Playkids was my favorite
of all time fantastic concept more
please there are currently no plans for
more half in the bag blinking with
palpitating no current plans Capone lol
says Jack don't forget to use bombs
they're great and you replenish them by
meditating also rich did you ever try
playing Witcher 3 highly recommended
it's my favorite RPG of all time one
guide you well right I know I know
there's some anal part of me though that
if I'm gonna play The Witcher series I'd
want to do them one two three oh well
and you know like I think I think just
from from age stand points just like I
just get those wait get to the good
stuff
this is an anal part of me that would
insist on plowing through one first
you're crazy man no yes you know like I
was playing a bit of Skyrim and I played
a little on the the you are or six dream
I and and I'm generally enjoying the
world of Skyrim and it's it's it's very
interesting and it's very deep it's it's
crazy deep though right now I'm at a
little bit of a problem where I'm
collecting all these books yeah and all
the books like you can learn stuff
through the books you can learn power
through the books and I don't
necessarily want to dump them anywhere
and I'm very close to buying a house but
I have no place to hold all my books
until I get a house and my my carry
capacity is always at almost full see
Skyrim's daunting just cuz that seems
like a game that requires a large chunk
of your time oh yeah yeah yeah
but here's the other part of Skyrim is
the combat super sucks yeah it is not
satisfying at all to win or lose it's
just your funk thunk thunk-thunk
it's the first-person melee is
frequently bad it feels bad okay it
feels really bad and so you know like
today was you know it's obviously it's
it was my day at home so it's a play-doh
which it's yeah and the combat in this
is very nice and visceral and so I even
though like and I like the monsters in
this better so I might be more of a
witcher 3 person as compared to skyrim
okay I got to get back on my quest here
tell the Baron yeah I gotta I gotta tell
the Baron what I learned about it
alright that's what I fear for cyberpunk
2077 yeah but it's cyberpunk so it'll
probably have guns
I imagine cyberpunk will be a bit of a
shooter which I could dig that well and
I mean we obviously we have to save a
ton until we actually see game oh that's
true but I mean I'm going to imagine you
know that that guns are a heavy part of
the combat
I things like yeah that's I'm sure that
they they showed guns in the trailer I
think that's a fair assumption
maybe guns and like hacking things to
work for you oh sure sure sure sure and
and like everyone who has played know
what no one can release gameplay footage
yet yeah but there was a you know a
playable demo at e3 and everyone who has
come out of that demo is busting at the
seams to be like you need to see this
it's so fuckin good it's so fucking good
yeah so I'm slightly hyped for cyberpunk
and just knowing how deep they can make
a world with worker through I'm
interested to see more yeah yeah yeah
it's gonna be fun in a bit well it's
gonna be fun let me finish that thought
it's going to be fun to see what they
come up with not necessarily but the
game is gonna be fun but it'll be fun to
see what they come up with
cyberpunk will have laser swords that
would suck it might have a laser sword
but who knows if that will be the yeah
the focus of the combat a midnight grind
says hey guys hey did you recently
discuss Logan's Run or am I losing my
mind
thanks if you did gracias as monkey as
it is I recommend it to anyone that
hasn't seen it and did you know that
it's possibly being remade I'm not
shocked that it's being remained because
it's old enough mm-hmm
dated enough at least visually it could
it could stand for a remake I I hope
they keep a lot of the same ideas we'll
say about that
I said as a fan of Logan run I think
that you and I have talked about this
Logan run is a Logan's Run is a
fantastic movie Logan's Run I love it
yeah it's not in my list of movies that
you shouldn't there's no reason to
remake it I'm not putting I'm not
putting Logan's Run in that category so
go ahead yeah I don't know that I I
don't know they're necessarily going to
do it right that's the that's the fear
of course get a dumber Logan's Run right
what's CGI but but we also could get a
more a more streamlined Logan's Run I
feel like it it does lose a little okay
and we have talked about yeah
yeah that's not just you we have talked
about it in the past it does it does you
know loser it sinks a little bit but it
Logan's Logan's Run is fantastic it's
it's it's two movies in one you get you
get two movies in one what else is on
mine ever remake list
well ghostbusters Robocop oh shit rich
euro for two no I know back to the
future could they remake that what do
you think well no it would suck but it
would it would you know what only the
only thing that would be interesting
about it back of the future remake yeah
would it would be like watching back to
the future through my dad's eyes okay
because that would be going you know
they would be going back to the 80s when
I grew up
see when I watch back the future as a
kid the 50s with some strange alien
thing to me and my dad watches back to
the future it's like those are the
things from my childhood so why in
general I think it's a bad idea yeah it
would be like I said it would just be
curious to watch it from the same
perspective my dad watch Back to the
Future from maybe instead of a remake we
just get back to the future for me
that'd be a soft reboot yeah of course
but yeah something could they make a
good version of it I think is the
question and yeah I mean the answer is
of course yes they can make a good
version of anything so now Roche who
gave me this quest the Baron I forget
what I'm doing here III was doing a
couple of side quests and I forgot about
what this quest was she's in crookback
bog got food pleased to live and keeps
herself busy didn't look like she had
the slightest desire to leave I was
supposed to find her and I did that was
our deal nothing more oh yeah I think
she said she didn't want to go back you
know there's there's some there so moral
choices when it when it comes to your
quests yes yeah and yeah I think I had
an option to like you know basically
kidnapped his wife and bring her back to
him and I might have chosen not to
you think me rotten to the core base
bastard don't you you believe I'll um
and have faults Fred what happened here
oh god what oh yeah this was this was a
really neat mission I don't know if you
remember I don't know if I play this
with you or if I play this on one of my
solo streams this this was a really
strange one where this baron tried to
raise his baby from the dead and there
was a zombie baby that we had to murder
I remember a ghost wife that was a ghost
mistress oh oh okay who ended up having
the stillborn baby that came back as a
zombie baby
that was that was actually one of the
missions that completely flipped how I
thought about this game and I was like
so down like you have to murder a zombie
baby and I was really happy let's see
here
so now I have to I have to this end you
know this is the the problem with a game
like this and taking such long breaks is
I have to remember what I thought about
him like he is kind of a bastard yeah
I'm gonna say you were at fault for what
happened here
yeah happy Father's Day zombie babies no
I chose to kill the zombie baby let's
see here probably gonna say you're not
the only one to blame alright then I'm
willing to hear your side of the story I
talk over the dialog uh you know
normally I would say yes but actually
this is a game I'm kind of into I know
she went with joy so laughter Samara was
born tomorrow they sent me to sit down
the warlord had risen against King
Athena and fall test sent help it was
one battle to the next one conflict
after another it was a life of war never
seldom how comforting hold on there's
there's something that's really
bothering me over here I have to leave
for a second
dude all three says hey guys just wanted
to say thanks for all the great content
been going through a rough patch
recently but prereq and red letter media
never fail to cheer me up when I'm down
dumb question
what video game world would you least
want to live in Star Wars almost any of
them like most of them in most of them
because because you're if you're just
living in a world you're not the hero
you're the fucking NPC that gets you
know trounced upon by ghouls and drunken
barons and Jedi's and Imperial
Stormtroopers yeah you're just fucked
you're fucked in whatever world you live
in but you know like I probably probably
what you know like the division 2 world
where everyone gets smallpox and dies
it's like fuck that everybody dies right
exactly
Yeah right
how is this different from a cutscene
you need snow you hate storytelling a
game I do I just want a pinpoint and
what is different about this that's a
great question and it's something I've
been trying to deal with I I think
because I think it's the same reason
that I hate naughty dog games yeah but I
enjoyed the first couple of mass effects
where you feel like you're a part of
damn world you feel like you're doing
something you're making a decision will
have an effect on things well and that's
the thing in in these all of these
cutscenes tend to lead to more gameplay
yeah like and it doesn't it's not just
like okay I play the game put the
controller down cutscene okay play the
game but here couldn't you in theory
just have just go to more gameplay
without cutscene oh sure you could but
then that doesn't well I I think the
game it's world building and gameplay is
immersive enough where I actually care
about these characters and you're coming
back to them over and over again I've I
think this this is it just does it so
well that I'm into it I just wanted to
clarify
yeah well people start bitching oh of
course of course and this just does it
well I'm into the world I'm into you
know this drunken bastard and his family
he killed his baby what you're saying is
this is actually immersive as opposed to
fake immersive where you're just playing
out someone else's script yes but I mean
and of course like this is all scripted
I know anything is scripted but I feel
like I have some control over what's
happening yeah and and I dig that okay
so yeah and I and I dig that and I'm
sure you know there are there are other
games that do it this well but I've been
turned off to so many cutscenes because
so many people I feel or so many games
do it poorly for a long time rich for
for most of my teenage years and my for
most of my 20s I'm gonna say for like a
good 15 20 years of my life yeah I
refuse to eat cake yeah hate cake I'd
have a birthday party don't make me cake
let's have cookies that's an ice cream
hated cake huh as I got older and you
know strung out on my own and you know
moved to a night in a nice area that had
like you know classy restaurants started
eating more cake and I just realized
that I've been eating shit cake my life
yeah like you have a kid birthday party
you don't buy him a nice cake by a shit
cheap cake from the grocery store right
or you make a box mix and like just I
was just having shitty cake all that's
yeah so I had convinced myself that I
hated cake and I just hated shitty cake
and so like The Witcher 3 is like oh
it's good cake good cake exists what's
rich really needs to finish the last of
us okay oh shit I played like the first
five hours yeah I kind of despised it
yeah I got it despised it assuming
presuming it's a 15 hour game yeah that
is let's say let's say after five hours
it magically stopped sucking that's
still a bullshit ratio of suck to not
suck even let's go let's go generous
let's say it's a full twenty hours it's
still bullshit that's one quarter of
hardcore sucks right right absolutely if
you can't if if a game can't get a
player in within the first four hours
it sucks that's that's why it's why I
had the idea let's do the first four
hours of anything beyond that like
that's it's just like a movie if a movie
can't convince an audience of its
premise in the first 20 minutes it's
gonna be a shit movie there are of
course exceptions to this rule
imagine Ana wasn't exactly pleased no D
understatement if I've ever heard one
she flew into a feet Hysterium threw
herself at me kicking and Cloyd decide
it was the first time I hit sir
oh that's a cobbler felt I had no other
means things changed
I know try to take your own life several
times she would defraud me go me talk to
me in the hope I would hit her again
perhaps she'd scream that I'd robbed her
life of love well or destroyed the our
day for her and some watches will kill
her
how many times I apologized
how many armfuls of blooms and she
cannot fathom how we survived those
years but we did there was you know not
everything was as it might have seen
yeah no she's living with some fucking
witches
what's so despicable The Last of Us okay
I keep getting I'll keep letting myself
get sucked in you do I do the so so we
have a couple options here yeah
is it the bland third person River
gameplay is it the bland stealth
gameplay or is it the the overwrought
long tedious cinematic sequences where
I'm playing out the game directors
scripted vision and not actually playing
a game yeah one of those things all of
those things it's all of those things
well and so well here's our options rich
yeah you you either have to just
completely put your blinders on and not
talk about the last of us or I have to I
know or we we have to do a full no I'm
gonna put the blinders on that's
probably the best cuz you know what rich
I don't want to do a full thing I don't
want to play The Last of Us okay I don't
want to on both sides oh that's what I
macaroni blenders that sounds a good
idea she was with child a child she
didn't want to bear rich was enjoying
himself when he first started streaming
the lessons but I kept waiting for the
game to start the fine cinematic opening
and I kept waiting for the game to start
to get interesting and then alright any
minute now
never turned into a fun game yes I know
this daughter died and that's very sad
and emotional I don't give a shit Don go
away then they place the magic tethers
on their tethers they cause great pain I
guarantee she'll pay off her debt
venturing into the swamp even with armed
men is just a bad idea it's a dangerous
place inherently I think those crowns
are a greater threat than anyone
realizes not sit on my ass waiting for
them to return would you white count on
their mercy if they had your daughter
probably not but I'm a Witcher he's
gonna get killed
great oh by the way the like you know
Gwent is again is a card game and it's
like we're right in the middle of this
intense conversation about like his wife
and possibly like sending his men to get
murdered and I have an option to say you
know what let's play some Gwen's I've
done my part your turn to do yours yeah
this dude's gonna get killed by a bunch
of witches
oh that green screens not perfect oh
yeah I noticed that on the Han the white
background shit I gotta play as her
again she plays a little differently
whoa shit
captain swc says hey guys night jack
I'm Jack glad to see you back into the
witcher 3 oh yeah man I've gotten back
into it as well after you've turned me
on to noclip and watched his doc on The
Witcher and CD Projekt projects Cheers
yeah oh man it's Dan he's so great I dig
I dig all of his documentaries even ones
about games I don't necessarily care
about like he has this one about Final
Fantasy online mr. cuddles says would
love your thoughts on my opera singing
included a short recording with a link
also i subbed I actually have some
monies I'm going to go get a good burger
from my local I can afford a burger you
did it congratulations and I will have
no good feedback on your opera singing I
hope sorry we're not gonna listen to it
I don't you know that that that strikes
me as suspect
kind of sucking do I have you don't even
have latchkey kid says rich you're okay
with RPGs and shit with shooting
mechanics do you think you'll ever try
fallout 4 shooting mechanics aren't
amazing but they're the best in the
series so far at least tons of weapons
and you can ignore the vats time stop if
you want I I didn't really have any
plans to I'm not I'm not morally opposed
to fallout you do you can't play fallout
for religious reasons I'm a I ate my
religion is very weird it's entirely
based on playing Fallout and I'll be
honest with you no other rules but
apparently I can get into heaven if I
just don't play fallout so people were
saying that was the worst in the series
or something it's it's Verizon it's
polarizing okay some people say it's the
worst other people say it's the best
basileus I've heard I've heard many
people and you know what I've I've heard
some people say it's the worst but they
still have like 500 hours into it yeah
oh this is just the worst I only have
500 hours into it is what it's like with
the stuff they say Jack I'm Jack thanks
for getting me into dead Sarah alright
yeah well thank the chat they they're
the ones that brought that up that's
it's it's a it's a but they're like a
rock band okay it's like a female
fronted rock band who and a the lead
singer just whales he's great thanks for
the person that let you know about the
new album
heavens got a backdoor is amazing yeah
like I you know I listen to their new
song they they have a new song called
like I'm an American that's their new
single and this singer on her other
songs just has this amazing natural wail
just like like a like a like a metal
just like a you know like old-school
like punky metal II singing voice right
and and it's great but on their new
single she uses like distortion on her
vocals and it just ruins the entire
thing it ruins the entire thing alright
so how did that guy you were talking to
teleport here and or how did you turn
into a girl right important this is a
flashback okay so in the main mission
right now gir alt is looking for Siri
okay okay not his daughter but his
daughter surrogate okay and and so
that's who he's looking for right now
and so the bloody baron is telling her
alt all of how he met Siri and so we
were playing a flashback and it's kind
of disturbing because she doesn't have
all the powers I'm used to and she plays
a little differently
I gotta go I gotta go up the bank okay
so get to the top of the tower so she
plays a little differently and it's a
little weird I don't think I'm doing
this right this doesn't feel right
Oh apparently if I went there I'd great
artist Neal bream says what is furiosa's
backstory I imagine she started out as a
bride of immortan joe while trying to
escape she lost her arm no longer being
perfect Joe cast her out then in a world
of rape and violence she worked her way
to becoming an Imperator Imperator I
think if anyone rejected immortan joe
they'd be dead um well I all right there
was what I always assumed I know George
Miller has since said and some kind of
interview or something somewhere that
she lost it a big battle yeah like an
epic battle that cause it was her arms
that ruined my little pet theory okay I
had always assumed the reason she wasn't
a bride is because she was born with a
deformity and thus she would not provide
him with the perfect children he wanted
hmm I like that but that theory got at
least as far as outside of the movie
like just people that the director
talking about I got shot down sure so I
think you can still hold on to that
theory unless they make her backstory
you know like that's just that's just
him gibbering
because if she lost the arm and Martin
Joe is I don't think he cared about the
perfect woman he care about the perfect
baby right a baby was perfect what a bit
a perfect baby boy but if she lost the
arm and still won the battle he would
care more about having a good warrior
because he already has a wife all right
but why would she even get to the point
of being in a battle why wouldn't she
have just immediately been thrown in the
waving chamber no there's a lot of women
in the community I mean she's a
good-looking woman but you know what
maybe that's why she shaved her head and
dresses the way she does to appear
unattractive to him more than Jeff okay
maybe it may be like the the reason she
became a warrior and she dresses an axe
the way she does was to be not feminine
to be unattractive to immortan joe maybe
that's why oh shit so that's what I'm
assuming Goblin guard says hey Jack hey
have you tried fortnight I'm the switch
I have my whole family is playing this
now as their favorite the graphics look
a bit more a bit more like Team Fortress
and overwatch then be more realistic pub
G graphics also like DC Universe it's
free you fucks the fortnight's got there
got their cornered staked out they well
they ripped off their corner no no no no
they they saw the tide man they saw the
tide and they go oh man they have pub
G's getting some popularity huh people
people like that Battle Royale but
here's what they did
here's why here's why they're way
smarter okay one they have a style
it's a fortnight fortnight has its own
unique style sure sure - a free-to-play
game so the barrier to entry is nothing
so it's all might they make all their
money for microtransactions and you know
cosmetic bullshit yeah and that's all
that matters that means every kid is
gonna play this game because it doesn't
cost any money no like why would you
spend 40 bucks to play pub G when you
can start playing a battle
Royalle for free probably 40 i however i
assume well however much pom g yeah it's
it's it's a you know a brilliant and
terrifying business model they're
killing it never played pub g because
it's paid to play wasn't it and that
better than microtransactions find a
pick between paid to play and pay to win
i'll take pay to play
yeah but fortnight isn't play to win
it's all cosmetics okay like you know if
you want the the cool dance move emote
you got to pay a buck you know if you
want the goofy outfit you got to pay a
buck that kind of stuff and i know like
right now pub g is trying to sue
fortnight for ripping them off yeah and
you just have no grand sanam it's crazy
yeah and i think as far as gameplay goes
i would probably prefer pub G because
it's simpler can you imagine a world
with the only platformer anybody was
allowed to make was Nintendo with Super
Mario Brothers it was the only
platformer ever allowed that's it that's
it we have we have the copyright on but
if you would like to make a man don't
think so
if you would like to pay us money Sonic
more like son on who's our intellectual
property of the platformer you can pay
us money right oh by the way and if if
that works a Nintendo would never make
another game again they would sit back
and the money would rake in because they
owned the idea of platforming I can't
out of town but but you know like I I
enjoy the simplicity of pub G more
because fortnight has this whole
building aspect to it that still doesn't
quite click with me but on the other
side of thing fortnight also has a ton
of different gameplay options actually
they hit they have a really fun one I
downloaded it for the switch and played
it just to see how played it plays fine
they have a really fun option right now
that's a fifty versus 50 battle it's not
everyone for themselves
you get split up into two teams of fifty
and so you need a blue team versus red
team yeah go nuts you start out you each
of you starts on your
side of the map that seems like it would
start fair and then by the end it's just
you you already know who's gonna win and
every be boring pretty much but you know
what it's great at introducing people to
the concept you get to learn the map you
don't necessarily have to you know it's
not all on your own it's a good place to
start let's get mantle on me all right
all right it would be it would be
pitfall Activision would be making all
the money on the platformer all right
yeah well you think that counts as the
first is it as a side-scrolling
platformer yeah capital drab pitfall
okay I'm just try you know yeah I guess
the fun police came in and say it would
have the only first-person shooter over
fuckin old school it'd love giving shit
away take a source code we're not using
it right but would it be it or would it
be the company they made that first
dungeon crawler for oh you're right and
then what are you're right and then even
even to go before that would it go to
this you know the the Bethesda hadith at
Elder Scrolls Arena for the PC is that
pre all that stuff er is that a
different thing well you know like how
far back do you go ray first-person
stuff right yeah Ultima Underworld I
think was the around the same time as
your Wolfenstein sure sure and that was
like a first-person perspective yeah
okay yeah what's the history what's the
history on all this shit
yes a world where it wouldn't even have
been able to have made Wolfenstein let
alone doom Wow Wow hmm fuck it
everything is pong yep but the pong
people could make that argument
everything is every you give we'd we'd
win at a video game nobody else could do
a video game it's ours you talk about
right but but then of course you know
the the television people would say we
we have the right on moving images on a
screen and then you know the movie
people say nope nope nope we got that
but then the what was that called the
the stylus scope yeah or whatever
whatever the the rotating animated gif
was you know that thing what was it
called Stelio scope the very first like
Nickelodeon I think a Nickelodeon Ziya
the Zia trope what was that it and the
little thing that's spun with with the
several different images too it's a
simulator engine Karen just mentioned
this the other day I just don't remember
a rotating animated gif you know what
I'm talking about yeah geo trope I know
space war came before pong Chad but it
wasn't space war always public domain
wasn't that just some jackasses on a
college campus I'm the computer for fun
and when they when they weren't doing
serious Burke what the computer just
made that in a lark I'm Matt I'm not
sure anybody ever owned Space Warp like
nobody else had a fucking computer
you know the clay one on a college
campus it wouldn't that's a goofy
looking thing
what the fuck was in yeah thank you
doesn't look like a monster but my
medallion was trembling strange where'd
you find him I won him in a game of
cards oh it's great nothing better to
play for us what I would ask I got it
that's great I want a little monster man
in my game of cards
I like this guy the guy gambled this
little freak man he's like I didn't want
him fuck it with a card so you know I
got me a little Me's beast man you know
John wants to know if you can win him in
a game of Gwent against this guy great
wouldn't that be great instead of Roach
following me around I could get a little
monster man to fell behind your back you
throw bombs at people that would be
great
I wouldn't look Judah mately loved that
but I'm sure that's not in the cards
here my guess is he's gonna be a little
side mission and I have to choose are
you Troy
we're huh what are you trying well yeah
I'm gonna see where it goes
I'm gonna guess I have to choose whether
I like I free him or something like that
even got a gesture well no but he
doesn't look dangerous direct him to
attack enemies like a boy gotta for I
would love that
I would absolutely love that like girls
who is this like you know handsome
dashing badass witcher and then he's got
his little his little like monster
friend wait I want to see what's up
what's a little monster man I want to do
the Monster Mash I'm feeling I'm feeling
better but my sinuses are fucked oh I'm
very sorry I'm I'm very very sorry this
game I can see if you're only seeing
what I'm playing at this exact moment
why this game would look boring I I
guess it's not is my only defense like
there's so much action you're in a
talkie section I'm in a very talky
section I just got out of a very action
II section I was playing this earlier
and you know my kids were hanging out
and watching and you know we fought some
monsters fought a little dragon thing
and and then like I was just looking
around a house like that old lady's
house trying to like find clues of what
happened to her husband oh and and my
kids were just like do you think this is
boring and I was like no but I
understand why you do you can go you
don't have to know I'll watch and I was
but I was just like poking around and
like looking for clues and stuff like
know what's over there you know speaking
of open worlds where you can just a
counter monsters and whatnot yeah around
for hours mm-hmm Dragon's Dogma is also
on GOG no oh I just read bought a ton of
stuff that I had noticed is now on GOG
you you want that you want that copy
just in case yeah I got me some ex come
I got me some Dragon's Dogma again and
I got the quake series uh-huh mostly
again I'd only ever owned three and I
mean I definitely I can't complain I've
often bought games for multiple systems
so even though technically I have it I
have a drm-free version because I have
it on CD
I got doom three just because with GOG
just less of a hassle yeah yeah yeah I'm
gonna go see if I can find that monster
man now I need to now I need to buy
another hard drive just to store this
shit on my backups yes like especially
if you're actually worried about you
know this shit that's the reason I want
the drm-free copy right so I'm
untethered to the internet and I can
reinstall this shit whatever so now now
I need to get a harddrive just for the
extra space to store some of this shit
on because it seems like GOG starting to
get the more recent stuff now when I
first started it was just like the old
abandoned where crap and Sierra games
was all they had yeah yeah no more more
newer things are making its way to GOG
absolutely well and you know like they
they're doing you know a lot of
cross-buy you know where is it'll it'll
appear on Steam and GOG do I like doom
three I was always fond of it but then I
replayed it after playing doom 2016 and
I was like oh yeah this really isn't
that good and I don't I don't despise it
but I liked it far less after playing
doom 2016 a monster man rich is a video
game prepper that would not be an
inaccurate statement I'm a video game
prepper yeah yeah you're you're
preparing for the day that that steam
decides that you can't play your games
until you do something
what is it oh okay okay that's all
that's all you're doing I wanted to see
if I could find the monster man in here
somewhere and I don't think he's in
there I wanna see if there's a little
side quest with the monster man are you
in here nope
leave me be where's the monster man he's
upstairs
I hope the last of us two will be on GOG
you know what I'm not a horrible monster
that doesn't want you to have things you
like so I hope it is - that's great rich
look over here you can enjoy the things
you like his last of us even on PC I
thought that was a PlayStation exclusive
I didn't even know I don't even know I
would assume that's a PlayStation
exclusive just because I think the first
one came to steam at some point but I
don't really remember chat jab inform us
of these things
and grant
it's it's pure assumption that that I
think it's it's only on PlayStation
I do this already yeah I did hey where
is that little booger trying to find
that little monster man I don't think
he's here what he well maybe he's with
you no he only showed up after I agreed
to help the Baron so I'm gonna assume
that he is like with the Baron when I
meet up with him during this next
mission but I was thinking maybe he was
any other time I'm fine
fine I'm going gotta go fight some
witches back to the witches
cephalo pathetic says yo jack yeah this
friday pub G is releasing their small
map uh-huh think you'll revisit the game
also Ryan's babe even knowing the plot
from the episode I wasn't prepared for
how incomprehensible it would be it is
oh yeah we there's there's no way we can
do that game or that that movie justice
for how batshit insane it is it's just
not so bunk there's a reason it drove us
a little bit nuts yeah I can't donate it
says do not play fallout 4 I am going to
steal a criticism someone said about it
every conversation has four things you
can say and all of them lead to yes you
will help them with your with their
problem it is only self-imposed role
playing and no role playing in story
yeah
you'd one says I have 300 hours on
Witcher 3 New Game+ Death March it's
great except for dogs and race those are
things I don't know about I don't know
about dogs and wraiths and now I don't
think I have a problem with rights whoo
traitor no I must have gotten this
already guys not in here either
whoopsie should have used a ladder
speaking of Ryan's babe I noticed on the
case it had directors commentary have
you given it a listen to it all to get
out of the idea of what the guy was
thinking no we have not listened to the
commentary track we didn't see a
interview with him on the DVD though we
watched that yeah yeah that was intense
it was it was intense how brazen he was
about how much he knew it was bad right
yeah you know we made it on a budget
sure all of the the overdub is off but
you know he thought it was great anyway
exactly yeah but but but he was just
like yeah we did this wrong we did this
wrong the overdub who cares I made a
movie I'm a doctor roach

[Part II]
ah roach where are you yeah
nope I'm over here dummy company you
dumb horse I'm gonna talk to him roach
come on Debbie all right all right let's
say yeah maybe wait maybe I can fast
travel there where am I going the whole
way over here yeah should probably fast
travel can tie fast travel yes I cannot
travel here oh well fuck didn't I do all
this already
you can't fight you must
just find a fast travel signpost so I
need to be at a signpost as they're
still talking about it looks like my
macaroni analogy went over well with the
chat yeah yeah like him I've been to the
city before thought I have at least hey
chat help you out with fast travel again
it's been a while since I fast traveled
and I get like I don't super need it but
do I need to be at a signpost
oh that's end that's right I want to go
okay you have to be at a sign I have to
be the sign for us thank you thank you
it's been a while
are there any other 90s odds shows we
recommend that aren't Star Trek well
Farscape quantum leap
it's like 80s late 80s probably went
into the 90s it was not a while chance
recommending x-files I guess not that's
not a bad recommendation there's not
does it have to be science fiction
because you have Seinfeld's great oh
yeah
sliders sliders is a great premise and
the show never really lives up to it ah
there's some fun there were some fun but
sliders is this show were the the kid
and the scientist guy and his friends
good trap going to different alternate
dimensions trying to find their way home
yeah from different parallel Earth's
yeah and you know you can give at least
one season of sliders a bit of a bit of
hokey fun yeah and then and then after
that you could say that it
hey you know it's fine the lovers
meeting it oh I can do this again that's
right I don't think I was strong enough
to do this last time but diamond level
11 now oh shit there's so much look at
all this shit to do man look at all of
my open quests this is crazy
did either of you ever get into lost I
avoided it like the plague does I smell
a mile away that they had no idea where
they were going with it and it was only
going to let people down in the end and
then my predictions came true and I felt
justified
I watched lost I liked a lot of loss
okay so here here's here's a little
thing much like a lot of shows during
that time period lost one hugely
suffered from the writer strike because
it hey it had big gaps and then when
they came back there was a bit of a
reorganizing and of reshuffling to lost
was also part of that awkward years
where where they were trying to make
they were they were trying to combined
season long story arcs with an ever
continuing excuse me I burped with an
ever continuing narrative instead of
having one encapsulating story just for
a season but lost has one of the
greatest pilots on television ever yeah
the pilot episode of lost is some of the
most fantastic television you will ever
see so I've heard so I've heard
it absolutely suffers like there's a lot
of bullshit with lost they ask a lot of
questions and questions and don't answer
and
nearly any of them that being said by
the time you get to the end of lost if
you are invested in the characters it
wraps up the characters very well not
necessarily the stories but a character
okay so I I can see a lot of you
being really frustrated by lost because
it doesn't wrap up the stories very well
but it does the characters very well so
there's there's a lot of shows a lot of
lot of things they just never got around
do ya lost is what I actively avoided
sure sure yeah I can see that all right
I can see that I still think at very
least watch the watch the uh-oh right
that's where I have to be a sign for
watch the pilot watch the pilot it's
that pilot is damn good I don't have to
watch it watch the pilot I know we
crashed the damn plane it's the premise
but what happens after the plane crashes
no the pilot of the plane it is Father's
Day so all the dad jokes are welcome
great pilot great pilot really great
mystery but then yes prepare for some
disappointment after the pilot best one
of the best pilots in all of all
television though those first couple of
episodes that like actually you know
what I I would even say here's what I
would say I've lost the first two
seasons yeah solid fucking gold yeah
solid gold seasons great characters
great mysteries really neat world
building after that the writers strike
hit and everything got all wobbly it I
think it picked itself back up with
those first two seasons solid fucking
gold okay after that just imagine
whatever you want to imagine happens
because yeah it gets a little dicey also
not science fiction but from from well
maybe maybe too recent to be odds okay
in the office oh sure that's pretty good
I was great
Oh Venture Brothers well when did that
start late odds sir
slate haunts late odds little it's okay
we're gonna help okay I'm at a sign pose
do I have to get up
sorry roach I gotta leave you here
excuse me my true brothers just 2003 wow
so much time in between seasons it sure
started apparently in 2003 it's only
it's only five seasons yeah 30 30 30
rock is a really interesting show I
never I never watched all of 30 rock but
occasionally I'd catch an episode here
there and it's not the 30 rock is not a
show that is super funny all the time
but it always has one bit that makes the
entire show worth it yeah one bit that
is so funny that the entire episode is
worth it 30 rock yeah I never I never
watched the full thing for some reason
but overall it's pretty good right let's
go hunt some which is a chat rome was
awesome
Rome was a show on HBO about the Roman
Empire okay
village in the swamp Lord Roma's like a
high budget period piece slash soap
opera it's great you know it sounds like
the Baron is trying to downplay the
existence of witches after his unborn
son turned into a zombie and we had to
fight ghosts and stuff and it's like you
know that's just not consistent
characterization like you just got done
fighting ghosts babies and zombies stuff
like yeah witches exists we can get
there it's not that hard of a leap well
this is a world where zombie babies and
ghosts might be an everyday part of life
right but he's never seen a witch of
course zombies and ghosts are part of
the natural world he sees that shit
every day he's never seen a fuck
nice got loot the corpses gimme a moment
boys I'm gonna take one monster claw
nice Jack did you already do the
question the nearby town to find out the
history of these witches plus the deer
with the glowing red eyes yet you maybe
yeah maybe it's been a while it's been
it's been like maybe a good couple of
months since I've played but I think I
did so for all the non-virgins here says
blow blow bah 32 yeah yeah can you
explain to me why I should start
watching Star Trek you know for all the
non-virgins oh non-virgins nevermind I
got that backwards I bet he's trying to
call everyone who watched Star Trek over
Japan I was saying they aren't for all
the non-virgins what weird way to phrase
that unless it was just meant to be like
a double reverse like somebody we wanted
to be a jackass say call the Bruins
explain why I should like Star Trek
that's what I thought it was myit
ravanan vert wait I'm sorry I don't
understand I still don't quite
understand either either they meant it
as a joke by reversing the dickish nosov
it yeah or they were trying to be a dick
and they seriously fucked it up I think
they seriously fucked it up I think well
I think what he's saying is he that
person is an on waitin is an on virgin
and they don't know what Star Trek is no
he's saying people that watch Star Trek
are virgins then why is he asking non
versions why they should watch Star Trek
that implies that the people who watch
Star Trek aren't virgins yeah I think
you got that backwards dude
if he's if he's trying to be an asshole
then his logic the non-virgins don't
watch Star Trek and they wouldn't be
able to help him anyway I think he's
saying like for all the non virgins can
you virgins explain to the non-virgins
about Star Trek I think but I think he
got it backwards ok I don't know and he
probably wants to Star Wars yeah so
there you go well it does say here's
here's a question for that person rich
does it count a can you be an on version
if you only fuck yourself does that
count
nope so much fire don't make a travel
like that or there's nothing to do with
Star Wars
look I'm just taking my cheap shots when
I can I don't I don't seriously mean
anything by I don't think you have
anything to fear brought your new
friends with you don't need to protect
you from me
tomorrow he meant Star Trek virgin as in
he's never watched him okay
that makes sense but he hasn't popped
his Star Trek cherry
I completely forgot that I even met
tomorrow I'll be honest with you this is
the problem taking such a long break in
a game like this I might have told
tomorrow that I wouldn't come back but
holy shit rich looks like an asshole now
that was phrased very awkwardly it was
phrased very awkwardly it was phrased as
if because for I guess for those who
don't know stereotypically you know
sci-fi nerds are referred to as virgins
and so you know
your father he wants to find his wife
your mother really he pay you much to be
his yes-man verily I say unto you that
ayah and vehement scan lead to naught
but one's downfall ask so crudely this
is my commander and that should be of no
concern to a drunken swine he was making
fun of Star Trek fans calling the Virgin
so for all the non virgins while watch
it right
he's tooling with you sir that's what I
believe well considering all the
confusion he wasn't doing a very good
job witches will yellows wouldn't be
here if I wasn't willing what else to
expect in this case no time to lose
Crohn's could return any minute how do
you know they're not human red II
because we're still alive so it's the
village
which is an asshole I mean you know yeah
occasionally sure somewhere deep down I
have a heart of gold it's an asshole
with a heart of gold you dig that deep
doesn't even matter
Oh
did anything at e3 intrigued me I mean
III is always trailers that don't tell
you too much sometimes it's hard to get
intrigued yeah I was I was most most
thrilled with with doom just the
announcement it's only been 2 years I
kind of assumed I wouldn't hear anything
about it like a year from now sure first
start hearing about it
so I'm glad to hear about it well I mean
we've seven few months before we really
hear anything about yeah I won't get
truly hype do we see it in August right
right so but then music in that trailer
is just fantastic
what's happened to her
something's coming
get ready oh shit
prepare for a fight that damn my sword
is Busta fine rich have you heard of
Phoenix Point ex-con ripoff from the
creator of the original out next year
looks really good I heard about it last
year I haven't haven't seen anything
recently what's good and I know
technically he doesn't own XCOM but if
he's the creator did you really call it
a ripoff and really he gets a pass for
for ripping off the thing he created was
that John Fogerty court case oh I don't
know about this where where when he was
in is that John Fogerty cleated
Creedence Clearwater Revival yeah he he
got sued because a song that he wrote as
John Fogerty sounded too much like a
Creedence Clearwater Revival song that
he wrote that he rose was no longer own
the rights to write and so he he had to
prove that two songs that he wrote were
different enough in a court of law
haha I wrote him both and I can say
honestly that they're just different
songs exactly and so here he has a play
he had to play for a judge why the songs
were different two songs that he wrote
that kind of sounded alike that's great
as you can clearly see this guitar riff
is this and I know cuz I wrote it and
this guitar riff is this
oh you will they stream jump force I
know I know you think nothing look at
that thing
ah fuck yeah that's great monster that's
sorry yeah sorry I just fucking low
that's fine
ah that's great have some fire I don't
have any fire yet and some fire it would
mostly just be me wondering why things
are a bit like we already rarely play
fighting games I think I think injustice
is a big is a is acceptable because you
know we could there's a lot of comic
book talk to be had in there yeah and
just superhero stuff in general we're
pretty we're pretty okay with but uh I
excuse me guy reminiscent of the tree
beasts and thief - ah man he's great
look at him I still don't even know what
that fucking thing looks like because
when I caught a glimpse of it coming
around the corner I just started fucking
running right
magic trap Oh your trap now mother fuck
up errant Li you're not never mind oh
shit how do i what
what is happening how do I use anything
hit my fan of the recent thief No
they've reprises things are all the
great content thanks for all the great
content thank you young ones as multiple
yeah get general abilities gourmet food
and rage management any thoughts on neo
we did a whole episode about it you can
listen to our well-thought-out and
edited comments what are you guys
thinking of the World Cup so far I'm not
not it not even a little bit
voodoo mama Ganza says jack voodoo mama
gansan I really enjoyed your Skyrim
stream as someone who's played a
consistently since it was really since
it was released it was great seeing
someone play it for the first time oh
great I really enjoy playing The Witcher
3 and polish with English subs
tell biscuit I love him also I'm playing
this on normal yeah no you know like
Scott a Skyrim I can I can see it
already you know I'm only a few hours in
but I can see the appeal already big
world lots of options a ton of
replayability you know player plays
different races you know played you play
the same game but a different way I can
I can see it already I don't know if I
can get over this big dumb combat though
in this in in Skyrim Oh Skyrim in Skyrim
it's just like it's just so clunky you
know what I was doing a lot is you get
you know one one hand I had a sword in
or an axe or something and the end the
other hand has like a magic attack right
yeah and so what I found myself doing is
just like you know like tapping someone
on the head with my axe and then backing
away and shooting fire at them
yeah so they died and then I would tap
tap man like that was my entire fighting
strategy in Skyrim yeah yeah which
worked pretty good one thing I remember
from Neil item item management all those
garbage items that got thrown at you
hundreds of hundreds of swords with
minors stat differences
you get a 30 of them every minute you
check the menu to see which ones
slightly more powerful yep that was
irritating and then you have to go to a
certain place to like you grind them
into like money or souls or whatever
that might be useful yeah
wise men with a gift of healing whoa I
got a decision to make a rich so the the
his wife the mother of the lady who's
there is is a little crazy yeah and the
the the the daughter was like oh it's
obviously a spell and the witch was like
no she just lost a baby her husband was
abusive she was like tortured by witches
she's just nuts yeah and so now now the
husband's like oh I'll take her to a
hermit he's got a gift of healing what
are the what are the potential downsides
if I say worth a try then that's
basically me throwing in with letting
the wife go with her husband who we know
has been abusive in the past okay and so
I'm thinking makes no sense leaves an
opening for the daughter to be like then
she should come live with me and get
away from you okay cuz that's because I
completely forgot that the daughter was
in this situation when I started this
storyline so that's what I'm gonna try
it okay makes no sense
it's no use don't either can do anything
for her now you have duties duties
deriving from your commitment to the
Church of the eternal fire once we
finish our work in valanor we return to
Oxford you said you'd save my mother and
I kept my word your father can care for
it now
you know him you know what he did to her
he swears to be a changed man and in his
eyes I see true soul
remorse racism in new and you were new
life and new duties to the eternal fire
fear not all will be well
yeah take her to the hermit no matter
what you have my word
joint yeah
when you get later into the game crank
the difficulty up you can easily build a
tornado crazy smokin figure now you know
what I'm fine with the difficulty I'm
I'm just enjoying the world a little bit
of combat I have now it's fine
I don't necessarily what quiet even here
okay thank you witches
may the eternal fire okay well guys
crotch got in the way there that's it
that nice shot whoopsie
how many gate kisses would you give that
I mean that was that was a significant
that was one big gay kiss that's what
we're gonna call it that was uh that was
a down-south gay kiss if you know what
I'm saying
I think the gay community calls that
kiss in the carpet no I don't the the
game plays nice I like the monsters I'm
okay with the battle and you know what I
I kind of like as far as like upping the
difficulty I like being the badass here
so I'm just okay on the I'm a normal
difficulty okay
I don't I don't need this super
challenge here DC Brady says hey Bert
and Ernie I recently watched Blues
Brothers for the first time I fucking
loved it
such a great film yeah yes what is your
opinion on the film as a Chicago native
Hidy Hidy Hidy Hidy Hidy Hidy ho hidey
hidey hidey ho where did we kill that
big guy
I love the Blues Brothers it's an
amazing film probably better if you're
familiar with Chicago yes but I think
it's a great film otherwise too sure
that you know the the sheer amount of
cars they fucking obliterate in fucking
downtown Chicago right in the era before
CGI is astounding yes and the the later
part of that film when they're driving
on the freeway yeah that was actually
filmed here in Milwaukee on the yet to
be completed Marquette Interchange yeah
so like that's that's the highway that
is currently in downtown Milwaukee
those Milwaukee ins love shoving their
foot in the Blues Brothers store for
that one shot the one shot we got it I
had somebody tried to tell me that it
was filmed in Milwaukee because that one
fucking shot what was rubbish that's a
Milwaukee movie no I'm sorry the one
shot was it counts those are some major
streets they closed off downtown by the
yellowtail
yeah Chicago I think like everyone can
admit no matter where it was films great
great fucking movie great fucking movie
all right great let's go take care of I
think on stream one of the things I was
trying to take care of was this this one
Jen it was Jenny of the woods and now I
think I'm in an appropriate level where
I can finally take care of Jenny of the
woods I gotta fight a big witch so I
think I'm ready for Jenny Jenny from the
block
let's uh meditate a little bit
how you feeling tomorrow my fine fuck it
I'm out you know what I'm out
fast-travel probably my favorite touch
in the movie was you know at the end
when they finally get to the daily
center daily plans oh okay
and they you know they get out of the
car and the car just falls apart as soon
as they're done as soon as they're done
with it the car just falls apart from
all the shit they put it's it's a it's a
lovely we're done with the car the movie
now yeah agreed
and Steven Spielberg cameo at the end
he's the guy in the office I don't think
that they get the receipt from it's been
so long since I've seen it who takes a
sweet time processing their payment as
the fucking National Guard is swarming
up the stairs to get at them it's been
way too long since I've seen
all right what's uh let's just save cuz
I think I've dealt with this before and
I remember like I'd started doing this
quest way too early and I wasn't
necessarily prepared for it
what Frank Oz at the beginning
yeah he's the that cop on the other side
of the desk or not really desk the the
area where they're giving John Belushi
his possessions back okay oh yeah yeah
well only only John Landis movie he can
do Frank Oz he like a mortician in
innocent blood - oh no no no then a
mortician with job Medical Examiner I'm
pretty sure he's an innocent blood
he's in most of his films okay I'll keep
my eyes up for more Frank god Frank eyes
cameos and john landis movies this isn't
gonna work
I'm not ready yet
and Oquendo says you guys ever stream
Max Payne and or Max Payne to to my
favorite computer games from the dots if
you can't wait for bullet time the game
to come out there your games oh I don't
know there's no there's no plans to I
have I have nothing against playing Max
Payne yeah I remember I mean back in the
you know what ps2 days when it came out
I I think I played it a little bit one
thinks you're gonna die Jack I feel like
I'm gonna die so I think they'd be
correcting that assumption I couldn't
you know because I'm not doing very well
here
she keeps I can only do damage with her
when she's inside this pink this purple
circle and she keeps regenerating help
so I feel like I'm gonna die and so I
think people are correct in that
assumption that I'm gonna die like
health potions are some such I have food
that I'm eating I don't know if I have
any health potions look Burger King
diamond says it's hard to remember
actually what heals me regarding the III
spider-man trailer without knowing a lot
about the universe in my n is it
possible that mr. negative could
tombstone like like he could do the
Undertaker's finishing move no I'm
pretty sure it's a different character
from tombstone
yeah tombstone is is is what he's just
kind of an undead slab of marble like it
I haven't read the comics since one more
day but I think mr. negative is a
character that has appeared in the
comics who is not tombstone so
swallow will swallow will heal you over
time yeah that's what I'm eating food
she's oh she's probably Specter
but I'm also like right now I have booze
in my and my stuff and so like I'm
getting as you can see I'm getting it
and as distracting as I find the ugly
white spider the game looks promising
spider-man yeah I saw after the fact I
saw the footage of the Shocker boss
fight and it looked acceptable okay it
wasn't a QuickTime fest nice
can you just run away um no well I mean
I can yes but I might as well die all
right I can do this I can do this I
believe in me okay Jack needs to kill
the wraiths she spawns quickly or she
drains her HP back from that ah okay
yeah I can do this I feel like I can do
this I'm gonna I'm gonna put oil on my
sword first because I forgot about that
yeah there city you know of course like
there's all these tiny little it's all
about preparation video consider your
sink receipts to this game worried like
oh yeah put this oil on your sword it
does more damage to this specific type
of enemy do this do this do this to this
oh that's how I completely forgot how I
shave my swords what did i do there did
I just drink something up fucking hell
fucking hell alright hold on consumables
would come over here
hartree-fock er says sorry if it's been
addressed I don't catch as many streams
as I'd like have you guys seen talked
about upgrade nope
seems like it's right in our LMS
wheelhouse thanks for the great content
I've heard nothing but good things
nothing but good things about upgrade
and yes it does seem like it would be
schlocky good fun
karin is not much of a movie goer okay
i-it's it's it's it's it's a you have a
hard time finding a movie that Karen
won't fall asleep during yeah yeah yeah
yeah she will fall asleep watching
things she wants to see I've got alone
something she doesn't give a shit about
like upgrade I'm sorry rich I've heard
very very good things
isn't upgrade the guy from idiocracy
that was my first thought my first
thought when I heard about upgrade was
is this a sequel to idiocracy that's
supposed to be great it's supposed to be
a really dumb schlocky you know dude
gets you know upgraded superpowers and
done awesome dumb action so it's
supposed to be great is it a matrix tone
with a download knowledge he was brain
and he gets like enhancements and and
all that stuff okay we got to put we got
to put no Specter oil vampire oil cursed
oil beasts necrophagous you necrophagous
or a specter hold on
all right how bestiary here we got
bestiary
she is not a necrophagous Peck tears
that Jenny okay she is a Spectre Jeff
Wallace's jacket rich yep I am writing a
screenplay that will likely draw
comparisons was with one or two other
works that I have never seen but have
similar subject matter what are your
thoughts and if I have an obligation to
watch those other films love the show so
what's what this there's two takes on
this yeah
watch these to get ideas mm-hmm or avoid
watching them so you make your own
vision your own story and without the
influence of something else that's right
call both both both are correct ways to
do it rich because you know one you can
you know it like let's say like you know
you're trying to make a Ghostbusters
ripoff right no way I want to make I
want to make a movie about some slugs
who do some supernatural stuff yeah you
can watch ghostbusters
take some good parts of it and learn
from any mistakes they made obviously
Ghostbusters a pretty damn good movie
but you know you could you could say
like oh I was gonna do it a different
way that would have sucked compared to
how they did it and you can learn some
valuable lessons the other way to do it
you could actually stumble upon a
completely new and better way to do
things by not learning from the old ways
there's a great if anyone has ever read
the book Freakonomics uh-huh there's a
chapter in either the first book or the
second book that talks about the the
world record the world record holder for
most amount of hot dogs eaten yeah
who started who decided he wanted to
join a hot dog eating competition and
he's just like it'd be fun it's lark so
he tried to teach himself how to eat hot
dogs and he started eating hot sort of a
pheasant he didn't figure it out so he
was the first person that decided oh you
know what if I just heat the hotdogs
first then take the buns dip them in
water and eat them separately I can eat
way faster because he wasn't learning
lessons
from other people and trying to copy
other people he found a completely
different way to eat hot dogs quickly
that completely changed how the sport
was played a lot like Moneyball right
right
completely changed how it was done and
so I think you just got to pick a
direction and go man
um I'm the other hand yeah fortnight
what fortnight
it's an incredibly successful game yes
oh so you think they were they were they
were cribben notes they were cribben
notes they also put their own spin on it
yeah so on the other hand fortnight hmm
that's your call I can't tell you what
to do yeah
you Jenny
Janee the woods get out get out tom
Jenny of the woods come here
come into my circle
Jack forgot his potions again I didn't
have any potions what you talking about
I put oil on my sword okay got a deal to
inspectors quickly now is they suck
energy can you move faster please
far as the morality of getting ideas
from other stories like that's just what
art does yeah like that's its art is all
about remix in learning lessons and
taking one thing you like from something
and making it into a whole different
thing absolutely
people are unavoidably influenced by
other things they've seen yeah that's
okay get in my fucking circle
can I come up
David II know people answer your first
question no great and Jack region season
two question mark I just finished it lol
fuck my Denny's hole all right
I just finished Legion season two and
yeah it's good I mean it's still it's
still nice and weird in all the right
places
shit shit I'm gonna die again I got to
figure out this whole potion thing but I
might pull this off
move Oh am i carrying too many things is
that my problem
shit oh I came close that time I can't
close I sent ya Legion season 2 was
great it finally if finally towards the
end it started to get nice and weird
again really really good visuals very
very you know nice characterization
stuff yeah it's good good season overall
okay nice and nice and weird kind of a
kind of an unexpected ending I liked it
well I dig the show I dig the show can't
wait for season 3 saying swallow told
Jack then swallow is the potion name
please swallow is the potion in okay
great
also try using dodge instead of roll
there was a reason why but it scrolled
up but I don't see it
the reason oh it's like prime probably
rolling too far away and so that I okay
I can yeah so there's a separate role in
a Dodge I don't know it's been a while
it's honestly I have 30 plus hours into
the game but it's been months since I
played it so I've lost all of my all of
my mojo all of my muscle memory I think
if you just press a once it's a Dodge
and if you press it twice quickly it's a
roll
do I have to jack level up your
character I know I'm close to a new
level but hold on
B button is dodge a button is roll oh
well then there you go once I realize
dodge was much better I never used roll
much again ah okay let's swallow swallow
I don't see swallow kind of GPU are we
running in the new rig just cheap one
for the purpose of streaming yeah it's
it's a it's an MSI $30.00 GPU it's
adorable
yeah it's about it's about as big as a
deck of cards and it has like a heatsink
built on it no fan it's great yeah it's
a it's it's cute computer was that the
computer were streaming from and I've
been lover playing the game on was was
never intended for gaming right you
already have swallow Jack okay I'm
looking oh okay okay here it is here it
is oh okay great
so it takes swallow and I put it where
my beer is because my beer is not doing
me any good okay
how many bitcoins can it firm 20 if that
what in a year it can it can farm 20 in
a year if that okay I have swallow now
swallow is the first in my thing great
move to hear Dan Jourdan Heerden Haim
this is a thrower game now you know the
Thoresen here dan inferred for GERD all
right we can do this I can beat Jenny of
the woods I believe in me I'm ready I
know what to do now
what does swallow do it adds a generous
tip like a Jinni anyway she's great I
tried not to smile
oh yeah look at that oh that's great
that is just great yeah
where are you
oh man yeah Dodge is way preferable
thanks for the tip dodge the thing we
just go back yeah and it still gets me
out of her reach but it keeps me in my
magic circle because I can only attack
her in the magic circle so it means that
I don't get so far away that she's
unmanageable but I can still dodge can
you only dive back now that matters no I
can't like down inside yeah that's neat
yeah
shit yeah get out of here
get out of here
your most dad I know I'm using swallow
but it doesn't seem to work it's just
slow huh it's just slow yeah you got
this jacket I know you got this I mean
you know I'd like to think that I do did
it jack
who forgotten Vlad and sword who a night
Wraith trophy nice nice
why is your armor red or that icon of
the armor red over on the left side
because damaged you need to prepare your
army yes your weapons and your armor get
damaged time and as they get damaged as
you can see here my armor now has a
negative 3 next to it oh my god you have
to buy these like little repair kits or
if you go into a shop they can repair it
for you but I have these little like
okay yourself you can do it yourself and
you get the amateur repair tools and
yeah it's so-so stuff breaks down oh
yeah I think I got some ooh thorns so
the negative mean you're taking like
more damage than you would without
armors just three less than the armor
normally protects I think it's three
less than the mmm yeah that's what I
would assume I actually don't really
know so this sword is better than my
sword nice great great
I want to switch to that later you know
what let's meditate because I feel like
that's wrong button yeah skip skipping
through the tulips tiptoe through the
tulips let's just meditate for an hour
much better
your armor is so shitty it hurts to wear
you know what I do have better armor but
this one looks doing fashion soles
absolutely you know what that's fine I
have way better armor but this this one
it just looks cool can you not find
better versions of that armor you can
upgrade it okay you can upgrade this
armor I just don't have it upgraded at
the moment to no one GG I know it was on
stay on C and Steam recently but I would
also assume it's on sale oh gee I can't
imagine that it's just like not always
on sale you know yeah because it's it's
old were you the one I got talked to
Jenny of the woods is gone no I know how
to dispatch for good I hit them with my
sword a lot
peaceful yeah
that's a great sound by the way Oh level
12
fuck yeah I dig you know like there this
has a very satisfying little whenever
you complete a quest it's it's very like
you know in Legend of Zelda that like to
do when you open a chests it's just like
ah chest things kind of annoying in
breath of the wild yes buddy you open
them fairly quick and breath of the wild
but in some of them other Zelda's yeah a
little positive reinforcement fucking
chest no I did a thing I heard that I
heard that fucking chest okay let's see
what I got here I got points oh god I
forget what I know that's not what I
wanted
forget what I was doing these be like
the doom glory killed satisfying but
it's quick okay what was I doing
oh I don't remember any of this I know
you keep mentioning that X come to is
free to download for ps4 plus members I
guess I guess if you don't have X come
too that's some good information but I
already own it on a much better platform
so you can stop telling me about it
well I think that what they were hoping
for is much like the fact that X come
one is on super sale on GOG even though
you already own it you talked about that
okay you can you can rent
XCOM 2 on PlayStation Plus that's true
if you are already giving PlayStation
money every month as a perk you can get
X count right that's what they were
hoping for
great I don't remember what any of this
does I'm gonna have to remember because
I have points to spend I'm just you know
what I'm just not gonna spend them right
now that's what I'm gonna say I'll spend
those points later because I just don't
remember FGL is 249 on GOG I didn't see
that as part of this part of the sale
but I guess it is and I already own FTL
on the G oh jeez damn gog love the g oh
geez now I'm near tits with the sales
already I didn't even know that one was
on sale everything's on sale my items
have been enhanced razor blade Hans's
I'm just trying to raise awareness of a
great game bridge yeah and you publicly
shame me and tear me apart like a
chicken wing yeah yeah but it was funny
I don't mean it personally it was funny
and I also raised awareness that it was
available
oh there you go it was you know what
accomplished two things and it was more
about me ripping you to pieces it's far
more memorable than me just say and XCOM
2 is available and PlayStation Plus now
people will remember it because I tore
you a new one for even bringing it up
it's gonna see what this fog is about
how epic are the steam cells they're
frequently epic steam and GOG sails
shower are both frequently very epic she
can afford to do once you don't have
like the cost of manufacturing discs or
anything mm-hmm let's keep it cheap yep
agreed fast travel
sale on all of it yeah it's great
those things are great when they're on
sale that bitties still over here
rich rich doesn't frequently terrorto
chickie chicken wing this cuz they're
usually the buffle ones their bit spicy
for me you're not a spicy not a spicy
person you know I'm okay with chicken
wings in general it's one of chicken
wings are one of the most over rate shit
what that's one of the most overrated
foods ever you know there there are
there are people who are just like oh
this place has the best chicken wings
and chicken wings kind of by design are
just shit food that are covered in sauce
because they're shit food that being
said like I I enjoy spicy foods I like
them a lot yeah you get a good sauce and
it's and it's all good and chicken wings
are also like always incredibly cheap so
right I ain't hatin on no chicken wings
but they're like it I think the price
has gone up
recent years as the chicken buffalo
chicken wings have gotten popular
oh it Sheree's here as it became a thing
as it became a thing yes yeah used to be
had trouble getting rid of place then
somebody said fuck it we'll make a
shitty chain restaurant just ladder them
and crap yeah people love crap people
love getting lathered in crap Buffalo
Wild Wings just the most obnoxious place
to eat
you're absolutely obnoxious agreed
but careful sir
a monster prowls the Vark enter the mist
and you'll never see home again
this monster tell me more only seen it
once myself not from afar and past dusk
no they were a man at first not as
obnoxious as Denny's Denny's is more
depressing right Buffalo Wild Wings is
obnoxious Denny's is depressing
agree a great attack know what happened
then George Webb is pathetic oh hey hey
I will not hear any shit talk on George
Webb's cheap of greasy spoon diners open
24 hours a day as I said they they I
I've spent many a very late night in a
George Webb and it's awesome it's
wonderful hey describe but dozen eggs to
write it up I can help
afraid I'll need more than an ox needs
how much are you willing to pay exactly
oh I've actually never done this before
which you cannot you can apparently
negotiate your pay for killing a monster
ah so here here's like this base rating
see here I want to see how it like lets
what what do I think I think 300 is is a
fairly telling me yeah that you're
enjoying this haggling experience right
now well we're good well because you
told me something much different earlier
in the day this is a different
circumstance this is a difference and
it's also my first time coming across it
uh-huh
but this this is a this is a a branch
off of a much larger game if the entire
game was based around this negotiation
mechanic I would probably be a little
sick of it yes
see if no level was a little too high he
got asked for something more though how
about that honestly yeah if I didn't
know there was a haggle option I would
do it for free because killing monsters
is fun
jedd you'll hear what we have to say
about Rekha tear and moonlighter at a
later date it's true and we have things
we have things to say I should fix my
armor
yeah hey
keoki sometimes I don't know what I'm
doing like blood
oh and sight in total darkness have we
talked about e3 yet no never never
oh really huh oh sorry no that's fine I
have a new quest item
okay
all right it's gonna be a monster here
it's gonna be great
no that's just a stupid drowner
everybody yeah I'll tell you this whole
Dodge thing I have gotten very used to
rolling and yes this dodge is a little
life-changing for you you suck okay
great
can I meditate here more doom trailer
watching the times that I watched a
trailer on stream couple couple
I loved the fucking music I absolutely
loved the music and the way they use the
music there's just so little of it but
hey that's fine that's why you got to
listen to it again and again
listen I'm not gonna hate on you and
your love of the doom trailer I'm glad
you're excited different Karl Marx yes a
few individuals feet here
yes I would not watch the doom eternal
trailer on this laptop muted because the
music is 90% of the reasons to watch the
doom trailers getting interesting
given the give of the program people get
what the program ultimate dead metal
beats that crap music you kids are
listening to oh wow
go listen to some more Taylor Swift
jackass dang rich
first of all taste was pretty good she's
a fine pop musician even if her entire
stick is a horrible insult to all
musicians yeah she writes she sings some
good songs what details that I love most
about the doomed trailer it's just
saying that the new monsters I guess the
the returning monsters from the original
doom to share and I'm intrigued by the
outfit change yeah what is that gonna
mean is that just a new outfit are there
gonna be outfit options is there gonna
be like different armor foods does that
mean they're going all in on the fan
theory that it's the same doom guy from
the original games cuz I'm behind that
as much as I like the traitor armor
mm-hmm yeah it's good armor
it's rich the first doom nerd here's
here's how old I am alright
ai-ai-ai-aight was a fan of the original
Wolfenstein who was looking forward to
the release of doom get out of here no
one in my family gave a shit about
something being r-rated my dad for my
birthday he got me a Wolfenstein 3d hmm
and I was young too young for it from
probably - yeah before and I'm fine
everything was fine
an illusion
and look
this is the best gift I ever got because
I had I had not heard about from Stein
three days before my dad gave it to me
ah and it just blew my young mind sure
sure
like holy shit it's like I'm pulling the
trigger ha ha ha it was it was fucking
intense and I I did not see it coming it
was a complete surprise gift yeah yes
yes probably probably best birthday gift
ever
Wolfenstein yeah well happy Father's Day
did dad played it all if he did I I
didn't see him playing it we did play
the Sierra games together
Reigate bestiary okay so these are neck
these are necro Oh a what was I just
fighting dammit Dragonoid
I was fighting fog a--let's those are
necrophagous
okay see the like and by the way I think
I do think this is a super neat part
about Witcher 3 so you know you got you
got your bestiary right yeah everything
gets you know sorted into columns so
like I was just fighting these guys and
they're pretty tough dudes but I know
now that I can use necrophagous ORD and
it does extra damage and it's yeah like
you it does it it wants you to prepare
for battles it wants you to investigate
and do shit to get ready for battles and
that's so deep alright so if we go to
our oils here who's necrophagous I'm not
taking the bait
people are saying you should save oh I
got no I'm terrible at that I'm terrible
at that rich but you know what I'm sorry
whoa whoa look at him he's got some guts
missing
shit I died it happens yeah but who
knows how long ago I saved or the game
more importantly who knows how long ago
the game saved for me because I haven't
saved in a while I haven't saved since I
haven't manually saved since before the
fight of Ginny of the forest so let's
see oh let's see yeah we go back Oh
let's see how far back we are what
lessons we learned modern gaming has
taught you not to say it's true I think
that's sad
you know it's it's the this is the other
part of me just being out of practice
playing this game because I think you
know when I'm when I'm in the groove I'm
just no to save and I'm honestly not
that far back so I'm not super worried
okay
so let's actually I recently had that
problem with Rekha tear oh it's right
that's part of the problem was I
couldn't find a save option because the
menu was so near and witty yes yeah the
way the way that uh records here is a
very old game it's not that old
I just weirdly programmed it's ten years
old that's an old the grand scheme of
things that still should have had a
better layout button layout it was it
was an indie game it was a ten-year-old
indie game relatively speaking that's in
the realm of old and it's it's unusual
Quinn okay so you are vulnerable to
Quinn and so are you which one's Quinn
Quinn is a protective field okay rich
that game is oldest fuck no Wolfenstein
3ds oldest fuck pong is oldest fuck
pac-man is oldest fuck it's really
record here it's just kind of old yeah
it's a relatively old
puts

[Part III]
let's put some nikrif a jewel on the
sword loot the corpses
the universe is old relatively speaking
the universe is young time since the Big
Bang as compared to how long it's gonna
take for heat death to set in the
universe is very young I'll give that to
you suppose I'll give that to you okay
yeah I mean like even though like you
know the heat death of the universe is
kind of an unknown and theoretical yeah
oh wow it rich all right all right okay
say I
okay I'll say it I'll say before the big
fight this is a little safe scummy but
I'll allow it
I am the saves go
actually you know what let's do this
let's let's do it let's do a little bit
of reading because I have these points
in which I can you know upgrade my
character
okay well I suppose I could do this
right get a skilled called gourmet in
the miscellaneous skills
it makes food regenerated health for 20
in real life minutes it's like free
health regen because you find food
everywhere each management SteadyShot
why not where's the line between save
scumming and smart saving that's that's
the question my cold is gone the sinus
congestion remains sure sure
alright it's save scumming here's here's
how i would would put it when failure is
an option and the game will go on with
some kind of consequences for your
failure yeah if you reload before that
it's it's save scumming if if the
failure is a game over state like I died
then it's not safes coming mm-hmm I
don't see why XCOM you lose a soldier
right you lose a soldier that you liked
yeah you can keep playing the game you
just you lost that soldier it sucks but
you can keep playing the game without
that soldier that's the consequence for
your failure as a commander yeah okay
you know yeah if you go back in time I
don't let the guy die I'm gonna go back
reload the save you didn't die now
that's save scumming that's the same sky
like and yeah so like I'm not saves
coming here basically all I'm doing is
saving time if that guy I'm just closer
to where I died so yeah you're right
this isn't saves coming but it kind of
feels like it is
trance mikesh rehab defense the game
allows that house it's come well just
because the game allows it doesn't mean
it isn't scummy and sheep and doesn't
mean you shouldn't feel ashamed right
guys I don't see one called gourmet I'm
gonna be honest with ya but general
metabolism one but I already have those
who doesn't save scum XCOM competent
players yeah that's actually a good one
metabolic control less toxicity levels
that's good I'm gonna say that's okay
great all right my armor works better my
signs work a little bit better all right
let's do this you know what let's save
now that I've done all that stuff or
else I'm gonna have to do it again and
so yeah this isn't save scumming this is
just saving time yep I haven't done Iron
Man hardest difficulty but I've done
Iron Man almost the hardest difficulty
for XCOM mm-hmm both game they're both
of the reboot games you can equip
another skill you missed it well Jack
your skills need to be active otherwise
the ocean well fuck it
how about that it'll be fine
I like that he's missing his guts
not save scumming XCOM to makes the game
more intense and gives it additional
meeting I would read that it feels like
more of an accomplishment then when you
save scumming X comments sure
play how you want not like there's
anyone there to judge you
yeah we're talking about a single-player
game so that is that is an accurate
statement my my being a jackass aside
safes come all you want the
single-player game right mm-hmm
that's true that's true Perry Oh have I
completely forgotten about Perry's I
might have
I'm absolutely might have remember
people it's been months months since
I've played this game there is a whole
Perry thing there's a whole Perry thing
fine it's gonna be fine you know what
we're gonna be fine hello let me go back
into my character look at apparently I
need to like equipped things they kind
of are equipped over here I don't I just
I don't know and neither do I'm neither
do i oh I have to oh yeah I have to
activate them over here I kind of like
these I think
oh yeah yeah yeah that's a good one
wait what's eat me oh that's the Meltz
armrest good plan it will let you hit
them when they are invisible you have an
open slot you've got one free space my
empty slot on the bottom are you talking
about
oh yeah like that I do have an empty
slot the gourmet perk was added on the
blood and wine expansion Jack must be
playing without it for some reason I
have one expansion I don't know which
expansion I have and you are right I do
have a perk here let's see here each
piece of light armor increases critical
hit damage by 25%
do I have am I wearing light armor how
do I know if my armor is light medium
armor medium armor medium armor light
armor I have one piece of light armor
so we don't want that one great good to
come on good to know the person saying
they save scum and XCOM to to undo miss
shots how does how does that work I have
heard that the way X come is made if you
reload to save the the roles the game
did ahead of time for hit chance they're
all intact so you'll miss the same shot
supposedly okay if that is that true
though you know
that's the question wrenches XCOM - you
can move differently and the shot will
change huh ah okay
second wave option that that makes sense
okay great
okay let's try this again which which is
the best
XCOM on GOG enemy unknown as I don't
think X come to the reboot XCOM 2 is on
GOG at this point if it is I'm going to
download it buy it immediately
fuck I use my magic
fuck you
now I died I'm not even gonna bother I'm
not even gonna bother right I died okay
we'll come back we'll come back because
I forgot to do all the things I used the
wrong I used the wrong magic at the
wrong time sorry what made you guys pick
witcher 3 for tonight i was playing it
earlier and rich didn't have rich didn't
really want to play anything so i said
hey let's play with your three and rich
said okay yeah that's literally it
there's there's no rhyme or reason to
what we play often it's just what we
feel like playing okay so character
XCOM from 1995 like that game has its it
it's its charms and in some ways the the
strategic portion has more depth i I
think the best
XCOM is the most recent one you can find
on GOG because they don't have X counted
ex-cons who was there I'd say that's a
better game but enemy Unknown is the
best one available on GOG and they're
both they're both fine
I put oil on how to put necrophagous
okay great
so now we're gonna save again to isn't
on GOG I know that which is why I'm
saying enemy Unknown is the best one you
could buy on GOG I can only assume it
will be in a few years I hope so I mean
if one came there maybe we can only
assume that the other well then I can
get both games free and free free of
free of steam when a shield when when
Gabe dies I'll be prepared because I'm a
videogame prepper yes yes yeah
rich hates team rich has David I know
people is just trying to flame the
gotcha debate gotcha
rich has legitimate concerns with steam
Wow my afraid gog will be bought by
steam won't really matter because the
games I've bought on GOG I will
downloaded the backup copies of and I
won't have to worry what the hell they
decide to do with GOG in the future
oh I thought I had it like juji galaxies
great but don't overlook there's a
little option in their menus to download
an actual backup yeah of the game but
you can install it whenever separate
from GOG I always want to have that file
saved somewhere yeah yeah yeah no get
yourself a look a couple because you
know it's not just enough to have one
hard drive to have a true backup system
you need two separate hard drives
you know duplicated on two separate hard
drives yeah and then you're good to go
we're gonna give this something we're
gonna give this one more chance and then
we're gonna move on because I just might
not be mentally prepared to deal with
okay
David I know people you've been trying
to push my buttons all day yep alright
that's fair
unless there's a fire where you keep
both hard drives right so you need it on
two separate hard drive okay okay if you
want two backups yeah it doesn't make
any sense to keep them in the exact same
place that defeats the purpose of having
two backups
well you're not having two backups
you're having a backup okay you have
because like a backup is a separate copy
somewhere else right and so you have
your regular hard drive in which you
play your games and then you have your
second hard drive with your backup so
you need two hard drives and yeah if you
want to get crazy with it yeah get a
fireproof filing cabinet or safe and put
it to put your hard drive in there
that's getting crazy though all right
you know what Swamp Thing we're not
gonna deal with you right now I will
deal with you later I'll come back
I'm leaving XCOM UFO defense has a lot
of mechanics that I miss in the new
ex-con games soldiers would move an act
using action points which would vary
from character to character based on
stats you could sometimes shoot multiple
times and around or throw two grenades
move really far as long as you can make
the points work but yeah the base
mechanics were a little obtuse see when
I first heard about the new X come I was
worried that they got rid of the action
points cuz I know III don't know I
couldn't wrap my head I think it's
simplifying it they're making it dumb
yeah it it's a lot less micromanage II
the way they do it now I at the time I
was horrified that they were giving up
the time unit mechanic from the original
X come in hindsight I don't see myself
going back the the the reboot X come has
has made a turn-based game that yet has
a very quick pacing to it because they
got rid of those time units well there
you go
I don't know where you want to say the
line is between streamlining and
simplifying I don't think they crossed
it down
isn't it to say it wouldn't those be
synonymous anyway streamlining and
simplifying those are fairly synonymous
terms one's got positive connotations to
it and the other negative hmmm
okay well there you go there you go so
the question is how much simplification
is too much
when is it oversimplified two shakes I
like that I like that craft new Armour
you're still wearing your intro gear I
know but I like how it looks isn't there
a way I can just upgrade my armor just
like get it upgraded I had new armor at
one point oh you know where it is I
think it's in the bloody Barons house I
got a I have a chest in the bloody
barons house and it's hanging out over
there the urge could you please tell
Jack he needs to a better Armour and not
the starter Armour that he's wearing
Jack I like the way this looks yeah and
I thought I remembered that there was a
way to upgrade this armor there's an
armor shop in town here I got to
remember where it was the starting armor
can only be upgraded once other Witcher
armors can be upgraded three or four
times to find some cool looking
how many people's lives have you saved
from Brooks a delicious ask you a
question
yeah dick she's talking about XCOM and
simplification right yeah the original X
come you could say it had more depth you
know you have this base building and X
come you had your base yeah yeah
in the original X come you could open up
a different base on other side of the
globe and upgrade that base you can have
20 bases really yeah that's neat oh no
the problem with that huh late-game
you've got 20 bases you have to manage
yeah
there's there's less you know there's
more depth there yeah but it really
really slows down the game uh and with
you not 20 but plenty all right well I
might be exaggerating watch rich you're
exaggerating never mind I can't trust
the thing you're saying I get you I get
what you're saying though there's a
there's a stash house and a
blacksmithing and 20 possible base
invasions yes that would get obnoxious
too because another thing that X come
the original did that was need was the
aliens could find your base and they
would start trying to invade it like
repeatedly if you fought them off they
wouldn't stop and imagine that going on
with 20 bases oh man or 15 or whatever
the max number was yeah yeah see like I
have better armor here but I think it's
super lame
that's a good ax though oh I already
have an axe plus 42 why don't I have
that equipped rich no no no no don't
fucking know I don't know either I think
I have better shit yeah I got up I got
to do some I got to do some thinker in
here I got to do some straight-up
tinkering do the quest to discover the
other witcher armors they are all pretty
cool okay well yeah I'll do that
give me a moment I don't know this I
also have better swords yeah X cool all
right
oh wait in here I'm in a stash house I
might as well stash some stuff that I
ain't using stash you stash you care
about you - you great
captain president says hey rich and XCOM
- I had an assault jumped down from a
rough and kill a guy on overwatch with a
sword after the guy died he hit me with
a reaction shot fucks orbs am i right
anyway what weird things have you
encountered and XCOM one or two I'll top
my head I think somewhere I got it I
think I took a screenshot of it - it's
probably on my Steam something or other
oh I had like two groups of enemies and
XCOM - like all converged in the same
area on top of a semi and it was really
freaking weird yeah that would be great
by the way it was very convenient too
because I guess I was just out of their
line of sight so they didn't scatter
mm-hmm they're all on top of the semi
together so I just had a heavy lava
grenade there and you know what I got
the damage for from the grenade and the
damage from the truck blowing up yeah it
was kind of devastating that's great
we can go yeah
over here is a blacksmith let's see what
the blacksmith's got I got some coin
missing a 99% shotgun shot at
point-blank range no that's just 99%
isn't that a hundred that's how you got
to think an X come you can't you can't
get upset when you missed that that shot
that isn't 100% hmm well it wasn't a
hundred percent shot you're gonna miss
occasionally you're gonna miss some 99
percent shot one out of a hundred times
and it's gonna feel bad yeah it's it's
not weird it just it happens it's still
weird
it's just happens you must be you just
have to get converted at the bank and
the percentage isn't entirely accurate
either it does some behind the scenes
handicaps depending upon difficulty yeah
but I believe the handicaps always make
it easier than what's listed rather than
harder so if you're playing on Oh were
you talking to me because I completely
was not paying attention okay great
when you're playing X come on normal and
you've got an 80% chance to hit you
might actually have a 90 so that that
human statistic is always actually
helping you
quite a collection premium quality -
thank you I've kept these as mementos
damn shame you don't make them anymore
I'd gladly replace what I have with this
kind of Steel someone with your skills
why the hell are you eating dough this
might surprise you the pay is better but
above all it's much safer food vendors
rarely disappear or end up as cripples I
see someone controlling novigrad
smithing market not officially though
all supplies who ever island - a quest
and they say he plays cards with cleaver
frequently Ernst Van Horn who's that
modest beginnings exchange set of bank
ah fuck man
other methods that's a little too deep
whenever the competition was a plowing
non-human he'd accused them of being
have a cars is that how he did you in I
did not give up without a fight I went
to Town Hall negotiated it was all in
vain he'd already enlisted cleavers
protection and in novigrad few dare
getting cleavers way tried negotiating
making a deal with Van Horn do you
justice he's a proper heartless bastard
either play by his rules and pay him or
go out of business
but I shan't complain dumplings have
proven an excellent source of income
it's just well you miss the heat of the
forge tried getting supplies from
someone else those rogues of the
underworld control that swordsmith in a
game but you have to do his quest to use
the services I would assume there's
there's a lot of story here I assume
there's a quest involved want me to help
you get you supplies just as my
bodyguard it'll bolster my confidence
truth be told not so long ago I tried
negotiating some iron deliveries with
one of the king of beggar's right King
wouldn't worry about an embargo cleaver
imposed it's justice he demanded an
inordinately large share of the profits
I thought you might help me negotiate I
don't mean gratis I'm certain we can
agree on a fee could I choose something
from your collection issue forget this
rubbish
I shall forge you a sword fit for
killing gods yeah
criminal underworld here meddle with
them I badly need your help Van Horn is
a fan horses must be taught a lesson I'd
be eternally grateful plate Armour yours
or perhaps you'd like your catapult or a
trebuchet fine arrange the meeting
splendid meet me after dark near the
crane at the docks
alright nice of swar of swords and
dumplings gobbling access table cocks
what are your opinions on pastrami
always hot or sometimes cold bread
condiments rich I know you're not a
mustard fan but how can you enjoy
pastrami without some type of mustard
pickles taste almost the same as bright
yellow mustard I disagree with that last
statement but honestly I'm not super big
on pickles either
I don't despise them like it is by as
mustard I mean I love pickles I'm a big
believer in the powers of pickles yeah
the great pastrami is great I enjoy
mustard hot pastrami sandwich is
wonderful do you go to you go to a nice
deli get a big ol pastrami sandwich and
that's a good time is had by all I don't
have strong pastrami opinions and that's
about it for me I like it I like to eat
it
what else you want man we what am i
doing over here what am I even doing
here find the dreamer in the old house
that's what I'm doing okay
just passing by wanderer or do you seek
something specific who's asking
Rudolph DeYoung here of those two your
gears yes
my ancestors laid the foundations of the
city I now own its largest didn't need a
recommendation name would have been
enough father always said to know you're
married son I'm looking for Corrine
Tilly
you've come to the right place demouth
Karina is inside we'd never a few days
dreaming
why do you need to know the houses
history you historian run away I bought
this property a short while ago paid a
pretty penny I like that
soon after I witnessed disturbances oh
they will haunt a house maybe get to
kill some ghosts yep it's gonna be great
last week
well you can't believe it
I'd like to go inside look around I
don't usually let strangers want me to
run my home twin swords though
every every food has a there's there's
very few foods that I would consider
just gross out right yep I've only had
oysters once and that was a really gross
experience just text or a wise it was
that it was like a hot booger covered in
butter so I think that outright I'll
never ever eat again but you know just
to dismiss obviously you're you have
allergies so you have a whole different
situation but just to dismiss a whole
food outright it causes me to be
cautious about just shoving whatever in
my mouth of course yeah
what's in this what is this yeah
stealing all his stuff steal and all his
stuff Oleg says no I'm making a game
which is basically FTL Plus XCOM do you
think this hybrid is interesting world
map is FTL like but instead of ship
battles you have squad battles yeah how
could be I didn't see it man I'd have to
see it and play it
key jack is totally into this I've never
seen this Jack gives a shit about the
story stuff going on and again it really
really gives you shit it's bizarre it's
an interesting world it's full of
monsters I'm a monster hunter what's not
to like you're a monster hunter but Jack
it's not full of pretentious bullshit
yeah weird I know
okay all right time to check the Attic
see DPR make good fucking games Richard
I'm not saying they don't I'm saying
this is like anthem this is the what I'm
looking for and opposite to everything I
know about it okay
yes no and and that's the thing you know
I I I normally do not like this kind of
stuff because usually I find the story
to be at odds with the game you know
like you got to stop playing the game to
do the story bits but here NF Emma thank
you and if Emma just reading one of the
chants saying that sounds right what I
was thinking oh I've never heard I've
never heard the term and anathema a lot
of times I'll see things in print and
not hear them spoken aloud just cuz
you've read it yeah that's okay that's
nothing to be ashamed of
that just means you've read anybody go
on go on well you know I guess what I
was saying is here I find the story in
the gameplay to be interwoven so well
that I'm into the story and you know
like knowing that paying attention to
how what someone says about a creature
might mean that I know how to defeat it
or might lead me to more quests and more
gold it all works so well hand-in-hand
that uh whoa that did that I'm into it
this is never this is never I never
would have thought that this is a game
that I would have gotten into just cuz I
knew it was so story having yeah oh
hello
you too
hello diamond dust and a FEMA okay like
I said I don't think I've heard of
pronounce oh I've seen it in print
before yeah so much fucking loot nope
well just fuck off
wrong so wrong and Nath Emma doing great
rich and it's emo
perfect
go compute use use thank you
okay
that more stuff to loot yes move it take
it all take all the things this guy's
gonna be so pissed at me Oh Jack well
this game work for you as much as it
does if it didn't have much of a story
that's a good question I'm gonna say no
but I'm not playing it I'm not actually
experiencing it well cuz you know like
the other part of his pacing right and
and here's the thing you know combat
combat is interesting but combat isn't
as in-depth as something like you know
like if thinking about like a
blood-borne right yeah blood-borne it
has has beautiful combat I could just
fight all day and not worry about that
this combat isn't I mean it's nice but
it's not that blood-borne II right yeah
and so then you have to think about
pacing and if you're just whacking at
enemies all day that's not the same
thing
see this is it's the opposite of what
Naughty Dog does but I think this kind
of storytelling works when you actually
feel like what you say and do has weight
in the world and effects things unlike a
naughty dog game where you know you're
just playing out the guys story that he
wrote right right you have to pretend
like you're choosing to do things oh
sure yeah and so if if it didn't have if
it didn't have the story I would
probably the the combat would probably
get old very fast but that being said
the monster design is very good this is
something I would describe as being
immersive and this is why I think
Naughty Dog is the opposite of immersive
love that what's so wrong with a linear
story if it's good nothing if the game
plays good which once again Naughty Dog
has no interest in doing that it's very
true but absolutely nothing absolutely
nothing is wrong with a linear story
that's true if your gameplay is good oh
you can get away with a lot if your
gameplay is good so oh my god I'm just
taking all the things I should really I
should really look at what I just picked
up I know I should give this a go
I kind of want to force myself to play
through the first one as stupid as that
may be
it wants it wants me to put the doll in
the crib is what I'm assuming I'm gonna
find it there's gonna be a crib
somewhere rag doll oh come on I figured
that out myself you didn't need to tell
me that girls that's something like
Somis story carried it no because he I I
like so much story but I really much
would have I would have rather dit were
a book that's oh that would've been a
great book Netflix original I didn't
like it as a game because there was no
game play tedious walking yeah over
there oh man as a game it was a slog I
think we both agreed though like this
story was rather interest very
interesting it's too bad that they
buried it in a boring game right
I want to note that I figured out this
before a girl told me put the crib put
the doll in the cradle okay yeah but
some of us atmospheric though isn't that
worth anything if it's a movie yes I'm
sorry what was that but some was
atmospheric doesn't that mean anything
isn't that worth anything no it's a game
so know if if okay well I don't know it
might make a good game more interesting
yes if if the gameplay is still shit its
story and atmosphere can be 10 out of 10
the gameplay is still shit that's that's
like that's like saying that's like
saying like listen I know my entire
feature film was out of focus but wasn't
it a good story rich don't you think
it's a really good story yeah and no
matter how good your story is if the
foot if the film is out of focus it
won't be good
no atmosphere informs the gameplay
that's great
horror games can use atmosphere to make
you screw up thing is I gotta talk to
the dreamer I love and I guess like
that's the other part about this game
that I love is you know you know me I
like monsters and creatures uh-huh and
you look like badass girl just like oh
you little crazy elf demon lady give it
a nightmares but come on I got to work
if it looks like one and that's like one
trust me you are gobbling you give the
dreamer nightmares and won't let her
wake up why are you tormenting her
why do you live in a haunted house happy
Father's Day gave the bank a really big
scare see he paid a lot for this house
and won't give it up easily which is why
you need to find another home we're
gonna make a deal sarah Novogratz no
place for a goblin but if you want to
live here that's your business
so let's make a deal
leave the dreamer alone in exchange I'll
tell the banker the house is haunted for
good no way to lift the curse what if he
doesn't believe you I'm a Witcher he'll
believe me yes
yeah I don't care about this bankers
house let's go talk to that lady that's
great that's great okay
that's adorable just adorable
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo it up hey lady why
do I have to talk to you I wonder what
quest I started ages ago Meyer which
says rich Jack yeah what are your
thoughts on the Disgaea series the one D
is GAE a I've been playing a lot of the
dis yeah violence which recently and
really enjoying a GSG AEA is what they
have written yes the other next day I've
written D is AG EA Sydney I think it's
Dissidia I've never played as this thing
obviously I'm extremely familiar with
this series and have lots of intriguing
thoughts on it is that the new JRPG that
I love it might be in my business
alright see you there
this thought oh god oh god this guy on
disco the fuck am I supposed to get that
out of those letters deciduous trees
roots what do you think of deciduous
trees which one oh and they are the ones
that have the broad leaves are they like
the pine cone ones I think they've the
pine cones deciduous fine are those
evergreens deciduous I think yeah yeah
weii if they're the ones with the client
with the needles then yes I believe
that's a deciduous tree those are kind
of first to be fair I don't know I just
don't know oh yeah oh yeah especially
now that I know I'm telling this banker
to go home equals coniferous there you
go pine trees are coniferous Jack are
coniferous okay so what so is a
deciduous a changing color tree I don't
think so okay yes they lose their leaves
in the winter so yes I'm absolutely okay
well they're prettier knowing this ah
you're prettier than the conifers you
know they all work together they all
work together all right thanks I like it
I stole everything that wasn't nailed to
the floor in this bankers house and I
didn't do any work and he's still gonna
pay me it's gonna be great
fuck you banker I saw this creep leave
but she refused to speak to me is the
matter resolved
a bit of both a demon had captured
Karine I managed to free her but the
house is still a little more volume into
the game I'll do that yeah pretty
alright apparently we should refuse to
talk about it
nobody should inhabit the place so many
crowns I paid well don't put me in the
pores
sorry cuz the other computer jack is
giving me a trackball to work with it's
what I had that's fuckin trackball it's
I it's the at my house I you know I have
a slew of random computer equipment and
cables and I needed a mouse to use and I
I had a trackball Mouse lying around for
some reason I don't even know why I had
a tract home house to be honest with you
but I had one laying around and that's
what I got I got a track box mount
trackball Mouse and actually my old
Apple keyboard yeah my old wired Apple
key with people that's fine it's just a
keyboard though it has an incredibly
short cave hole and we get to a store to
sell all that shit that I stole the
super comfy to use well maybe maybe if
you're used to it let's take a lot of
getting used to for maybe can I can I
sell you shit
No all right I'm fine can I sell you
shit yeah yeah I think I got it you know
like I was I was really worried about uh
you know the everyone worries about like
repetitive stress syndrome yeah but not
with a lot of mouth usage and so I got
it before I got a nice track trackpad
what have you got there I'm gonna sell
you my shit play the entire Virtual Boy
library no stopping until you beat
everything no don't think I'll be doing
that thank you for the suggestion we're
good okay
okay all of you butter knife nice if if
you're comfortable with a trackball I'm
just curious how do that how does a
trackball work for a shooter I've heard
and I've heard of people that do that
yeah yeah I have definitely heard of
people who use stuff like that for
shooters or make it hard to click left
and right when your palms over hearing
you want to do the click the show no I
think you use your fingers just well
then you constantly taking your fingers
no because well because the way that one
works is you use your finger and strap
off thumb for one pinky for the other
okay
theoretically it could work I don't know
like magic doll
dolls
great ads a terrible torture devices of
last resort trackpad touch pads yes I
disagree
I I have a nice big trackpad that I use
at home and using multiple fingers for
gestures makes it so easy you know swipe
pages do this do that pinch to zoom all
sorts of stuff you get a good trackpad
you'll never want to use a mouse again I
play much realtime strategy
I am absolutely terrible at realtime
strategy I can't handle the multitasking
very well
it's the reason I have played through
homeworld once rather than 20 times sure
I get I get too stressed out playing
real-time strategy game yeah I think
it's fair okay
one quest at a time all right okay
Jack they used to make a keyboard that
was a huge trap egg Apple bought the
technology for their iPads and killed
the product my previous oh I would hate
that I would hate like I hate typing on
the on the like on a iPad
that's gross strumpet
look rich it's a strumpet that's cure
strumpet
so I could see why like you wouldn't
want that kind of technology that whole
like you know type on a flat surface and
with like virtual keys but a giant
trackpad is fantastic especially for
stuff like when I'm editing actually I
miss that a lot cuz I do most of my
editing on the PC now which I just use a
mouse for but like transitioning through
stuff and pinching to zoom on the
trackpad made editing significantly
faster yeah only after watching you guys
eat three videos I realized rich hates
anime or is there any you actually like
there's generally I don't like anime but
there's there's been exceptions here and
there sure I can really appreciate the
animation in a Kiro
she as a story I think the flaw and
Akira is that I think what's-his-face
though the biker guy is just an unlikely
prick and he ends up being the hero
that's a big negative and Akira from
babe
I like the zone of the enders games
those are very much anime influenced and
I love those games I like very
specifically the first three or four
episodes of Trigon and then anime
bullshit creeps in right that was that
was like a old man waits he got to the
end of that it was it turned into the
dumbest conclusion yeah
Karen liked it so I ended up watching
the whole thing yeah it's super down
yeah but like you said that that whole
premise of like the big goof who's the
hero accidentally is great those first
couple episodes of try gonna great I
know I'd probably like Cowboy Bebop
oh I should probably give Cowboy Bebop a
try so fuckin yeah like the hype is real
everyone says like Cowboy Bebop the best
and it really is it's so cool it's so
great but you talk about something like
like Dragon Ball Z I don't give a flying
fuck yeah I can see them i watch
actually watch Dragon Ball Z forbid just
I've like shocked what is what is it why
are they floating what why who I I was I
forget where I was where I was in some
kind of waiting room somewhere it might
have been a like a dentist's office I
don't know what but it's back when
Dragon Ball Z was on two episodes in a
row on Cartoon Network okay odd sure and
Goku and some other dude were just like
staring at each other for like 30
minutes yes
and then like okay and then the next
episode came on I wonder what's gonna
happen and then they stared at each
other for 20 minutes
season one it was no one's saying I just
tuned in every on now and then just out
of confusion like what the fuck is this
so I briefly watched Dragon Ball Z just
out of confusion and shot out of sheer
shock the audacity of it yeah yeah I
could see that no there's some good one
you know like even I'll I don't I don't
think it's the it's the greatest but I
think there's a lot of fun stuff in one
punch man that's a more recent one yeah
one punch man has some fun stuff I I
think it gets a little not pretend maybe
pretentious is the word I'm looking for
a little it rides that line between like
its mocking anime and it thinks that
it's better than anime and it kind of
has an attitude about it but it's good
also like something that's more
interesting than good but still kind of
good is um
attack on Titan okay mostly because I
like creepy monsters and the Titans in
that you know they're like these giant
malformed humans that like run naked
through towns and destroy cities really
creepy yeah the Titans and III sorry I
dig attack on Titan oh wow that's a good
one so there's so there's there is some
good stuff out there there is some good
stuff works
between the object I'm to dream about I
asked question remember remember yes
remember the attack on Titans it's
that's a very different anime about
football players but but I do I love the
giant creepy Titans and you know the
whole thing is there's a Titan fighting
force and they're basically like mecha
spider-man's with giant swords where
they have to like grapple hook around
the Titans really cool action but there
is also a ton of weirdo anime bullshit
in there so which I'm okay with I just
missed a whole bunch
tell me a memory what for
do as I ask please I need the strongest
most complete memory you have Siri the
woman's name is Siri
Syria was orphaned during the second war
with nilfgaard I had no idea what to do
with a young girl so I did what I would
have done with a boy and took her to
care more in figured some physical
training sword work development of her
stamina couldn't hurt
I remember her standing on a crumbling
wall a stone came loose she lost her
footing caught her at the last possible
instant strongest memory though is if
her coming out of her room one day
wearing a dress and claiming she was
indisposed this is a Father's Day
stranger he was maturing what we're
talking about we we're acting as a
father figure to Syria
no let's continue
you claim the woman has one punch man is
good I light like one punch man is good
like I said though it I want to say
there that there was one episode in
particular that really rubbed me the
wrong way and it was about like it was
the the episode was something about like
fans not appreciating asset uma for
being a hero it was like it ride that
line of this whole like I'm better than
this but I'm still doing it yeah it just
rubbed me the wrong way but overall I
think one punch man is really fun a lot
of it is really just poking fun at anime
tropes them I think it's what I think
it's worth pace 187 if one asked when
you guys appear as extras in a cab
ocinski film if yest everyone tweeted
lens so we can make that shit happen I
believe Len knows how to get a hold of
us I don't think that's a problem Len
let me know of course but I don't think
I don't think he'll have trouble getting
a hold of us don't worry he knows a
number yeah
they call her the Lady of space and time
yeah I do they called Siri the Lady of
space and time once I asked unit for why
she travels between the worlds turns out
I don't know how to talk about it didn't
really understand much of what Yin told
me I just know there's more to it than
traveling to different places and that
Siri carries immense power in our blood
I see do you wish to say no yeah there's
something else
she's a child of the elder blood it
descends into bloody honker the rebel
burned at the stake the prophecies
claimed the world's destroyer will be
born at the Heaven's Gate
well I was wiggling my fourth legend and
my toes were getting when it gains
believers I think you're right to be
reticent I'm talking about the moment
which anime is flcl what's that foul
supposedly I'd really hate it
FLCL rich would hate hole lager crying
full lager Kent Lane yes oh it's all
about cats who are lagers and then they
drive the logs places it's terrible
let's continue please make yourself
comfortable
I'm trying to realize the romantic
series meant for people who already love
anime yeah I'd probably despise him if
Siri couldn't find me I'm sure she
would've looked for another friend
yennefer wasn't in novigrad Tris was it
Siri never found her maybe dandelion
they liked each other a lot
whoa
what's that it cuts a black for a second
I don't know what's happening
all right
I'm gonna swallow it first after that
just nightmares at times the dreams can
multiply show the past as well as the
future revs whoo Lent i watch the
experience I'm not caught up yet and I'm
a few episodes behind on this season but
I watch and love the expanse I think
it's a fantastic show I know a lot of
people complain and even I've complained
that the the characters are kind of
one-dimensional I knocked over the
clicker the characters are kind of
adventure tropes you know like the hero
guy the hard-boiled detective the
soldier the science lady the pilot the
characters are kind of bland but that
being said one of the fantastic a
hard-boiled sci-fi and and an amazing
story just every episode keeps you
engaged it's constantly moving and and
it's it's such a fascinating tale that
you just want to know more at every turn
it's great it's great and I know rich
has said now that Beezus is involved and
he's almost fully assured that the show
will not be canceled you might start
watching it yes I'm probably gonna start
watching these bands that you
recommended lost in space plus you get
around him lost in space is great I know
like a lot Lawson's made space though
you have to be prepared for a slightly
more schmaltz and you know what we're
talking about anime earlier yeah I'm
kind of curious about the Netflix
Voltron just to give it a peek
oh that's looks right of Voltron I
remember Voltron when I was a kid sure
and then it likes it a full Tron reboot
that's where they all have cats and they
come together for a robot yes yes I
might hate it but I'm just curious cuz I
remember I remember when I was a kid
yeah Ultron was a thing briefly well
okay yeah I don't know much about
Voltron but ya know lost in space I
think is is really good it's uh like I
said a little schmaltzy but I think I
think it's beautiful
another another one that gets sci-fi
right you know like they're on another
planet they
have like science problems and they use
science to fix their problems then they
explained the science they're using to
fix that Friday oh man it's great it
reminds me a lot of next gen episodes
well if we do this with the flux
capacitor if we light three matches
under it it will create a combustion
thing which will solve our pasture was
Back to the Future I know that rich that
was the joke latchkey kid says rich you
should try anime the anime my action
academia I've been reviewing it on a
podcast with a guy who dislikes anime
but loves comics it understands
superheroes perfectly and what makes the
bold inspiring and entertaining and it's
very Americanized okay dicks Ritchie
says hey Jack and I guess rich to the
always joy the streams is there any film
in recent memory that you have fanboy
over fury road
as I said despite the faults you enjoyed
thoroughly the movie as a guilty
pleasure because you enjoyed the source
material all of them no fury road has no
faults
but no hey rich yeah
fury road has no faults yeah you're
correct yeah I was just going through
the movie real quick like oh no
there-there is that I didn't I didn't
even have to think about it I just I I'm
just double-checking here and that's a
fair thing to do do not blame you know
if your roads a perfect movie here right
all right moving on
gahafer quarter says hello guys your
streams are a highlight of my week
do you have any plans to watch a review
Travolta's gotti apparently it is the
worst mob movie ever made
oh yeah it's it's one of only like a
handful of movies that has a straight-up
zero on Rotten Tomatoes Wow
yeah wow it's like Travolta and Josh GAD
or something yeah in a John Gotti movie
and it's yes I've heard awful awful
things
last time Travolta was in a good movie
he had a little comeback his career
started hot yeah then it went ice
fucking cold yep and then he got big
again thanks to Jane Tarantino of course
made a slew of decent movies and he was
really cool in the early 90s yeah then
got into the got into the Scientology
but I'm sure he made a goodness I mean
he was into the Scientology before oh
and I meant specifically Battlefield
Earth oh yeah yeah but when it when he
put all of his cards on the table was
there an up face after that was there
another pink IMDB it right face off that
was I think that was during the Quinton
T know at the Tarantino travolta revival
yes I don't think that was after
Battlefield Earth most known for
Battlefield Earth all right all
filmography go but did he rise that he
ever rise from the Battlefield Earth a
sir dashes or has it been blue since I'm
just I'm just curious
uh-oh and I'm looking at it and we don't
get a lot of good ones Oh get shorty Oh
God when was get short he's more than
one movie involved with him in good
movies there's just this on a revival
that's just a lucky shot
oh and you know what that was before
battle
doesn't count
wait what was get shorty yes that was
well before Battlefield Earth that does
not count
you know what was before pulp fiction I
don't know if this counts but look who's
talking it's Maltz but it's I yeah he
wasn't the star the fucking baby was
that was a Bruce Willis vehicle that
John Travolta happened to be a and it's
only noticeable because oh yeah John
Travolta he was a thing you know what
even looking at his upswing it wasn't
great but by you know some interesting
movies okay so post Battlefield Earth
but that because that was that was
clearly a low point then we got
swordfish goof he was in The Punisher
movie nope nope nope yeah no okay he's
been just down since then alright and
you know low-level movies nothing
nothing that has a hairspray in the chat
the hairspray remake I don't know if
that counts as a I don't I don't know if
we can count that as like a good movie I
don't know if one movie is a revival
right
all right it's just a weird thing
because he was back he's back baby
yeah yeah nope he made like a you know a
big deal indie movie 20 Tarantino wasn't
a huge name yeah time like he did that
one weirdo gangster movie and now Pulp
Fiction with all these obscure ish stars
that I think I remember their name from
right cuz even Bruce Willis like he was
huge at one point but Bruce Willis
wasn't necessarily a name at that point
right cuz pulp fiction yeah but yeah he
was still a name you think he was still
a name like by that time his age what
year did did that fucking come out 93
for late 90s he was an early 90s he was
still a thing as a die-hard hmm actually
just mostly a thing then that was his
peak hmm
arguably I'm looking I'm looking I'm
looking him man he's been in so many
more Hudson Hawk didn't help no didn't
yeah never does Hudson Hawk never helps
let's see what was what was before Pulp
Fiction was 94 uh-oh
no well he was in the last Boy Scout
that I know that didn't do really good
it's just a good movie you know what he
was die hard to was 90 I guess yes I was
Armageddon huh when was Armageddon oh
that was lovely later hey sure that was
like 99 I'm sure sure I'm blonde Bloom's
looking 98 yeah okay yeah like
Armageddon v elements isolate was abused
too big name at that point I feel a big
name I'll give it to I'll give that to
you I'm down I'm not gonna die I'm not
gonna die on Bruce Willis wasn't a on
the under Bruce Willis wasn't a big star
he'll right right
all right well I think I'm just about at
a place where I'm ready to stop good
it's a little after 10:00 I saw which is
why I'm also good as it's a good place
to stop all right let's undo this
fractious says hello Jack and rich I
just burned my tips and tongue my lips
and tongue horribly okay by trying to
drink super hot noodle water question
why would you do that
have you seen hardware 1990 I may have
if that's the killer robot movie I'm
thinking of me I don't know if I sell
hardware no I don't know that one noodle
yeah noodle water is also they tried
they tried to eat they're the last of us
too hot my macaroni analogy tried to
bring it around but failed yeah well
that was a big fail - fuck off
sorry rich I calls like a seasoned super
hot noodle water is a great ska band
name yes I would go see super hot noodle
water
all right deaf counter all hey I only
died once that no I had more than once
right
you died more than once oh that was deaf
counter for riches bad joke I guess I
approve
you would also yes okay so here we go
now is the time in which we would like
to thank all of the wonderful people who
have subscribed to us during this very
stream including sausage toes all right
now for ya I'm looking for it did you
put it in the Start menu you put it in
no because we can't we can you know make
that like a change the font size end of
the tent oh yeah well just for now I'll
pin it to the taskbar
okay sausage shows who have subscribed
to us for 42 motherfucking months in a
row and sausage Joe says nothing but
okay you know yeah Laura Zeile crane
hand Christ for thirteen months in a row
my moose is loose gaming a unicorn stew
pocalypse who says after a year plus I
forgot to read subscribe thanks Amazon
for no auto-renewal
on prime time to restart the streak good
luck good luck we believe in you
Tsar 'f 42 exalted platypus storm
Templar who says Witcher always a good
choice guys if you were billionaires
what show would you resurrect or
continue I didn't think about it that's
a big question I have to think about it
here's gonna be my hot take yeah I would
not resurrect any show yeah I I think
it's very rare alright if you're a
billionaire at the time it got can
Firefly okay without a doubt okay I
would give it like eight more seasons
that's the answer that's what we needed
yeah okay great but like now like I
wouldn't want a Firefly renew revival
you know like the original cast this
ship like and we're done we've moved on
chat rich did not give jack shit for
being interested in this story rich
wanted to cut off criticisms of his
friend for liking a story when usually
he doesn't well I think it was good
because like what what you're trying to
understand is generally I don't like
stories and what makes the wicked no
that's an interesting question
me being an asshole giving you shit of
course not of course not it's trying to
dissect what is that what makes one
different than the other yeah and I
think that's fine Firefly with phat
Nathan Fillion I know it wouldn't work
it just wouldn't work I think it's time
to re-watch Firefly fucking love that
show fucking love that show
pirate XCore yes a midnight grind monkey
b85 for 48 goddamn motherfucking months
in a row
thank you
bogey says it's been four years subbed
and still so many technical difficulties
get your shit together guys but
seriously it's been great I feel like
it's almost together you can say that
all you want I feel like we've hit a
point now where it's like it's together
until we change a thing again and yet
here I am using a trackball it was we
were so so cubby so happy Father's Day
everyone
keep winning it like all fathers have
done since time began
oh by not just all fathers the one thing
and anyone who is not a parent who maybe
is about to become a parent is thinking
about becoming a parent or or is just
mad at their parents for any particular
reason
the one thing that you know that you
learn when you become a parent is nobody
knows what they're doing your parents
they didn't know what they were doing
we're all just winging it and if anyone
says they know what they're doing
they're lying they're fucking liar
that's that's what parents do we make it
up as we go along
yes Tiberius Kirk for 33 fucking months
in a row who says I went to Disneyland
last week and saw a preview for ant-man
and the wasp in 3d
I hate 3d usually but I gotta see this
one in 3d on discount day at least it
looked great I know you're both thrilled
I am more Paul Rudd that's all we need
is more Paul Rudd and I love we were
talking about lost earlier Evangeline
Lilly is is fantastic I'm looking
forward to it okay yeah dude oh three
whiskers cuddles doctor guter hooter add
in a little
damnit dr. Ghadir whooped her hanker I
like that version better
dr. guter whoo turbo alone what Bob
sentient untwine that's wide
motherfucker wanted to get the name
right yeah now with it you made it worse
yeah says no 431 fuckin Westeros says
prereq is a delicious meal served on a
reed mat that's falling apart love it
thanks for providing something I enjoy
this much I think that was another
technical difficulties dig about great
use oles heard you all hermit pretend
ear for 18 months in a row
dosmo pizzo mr. Oppenheimer chicken big
buttocks for 21 fucking months in a row
max power 12:15 I don't know what keeps
unplugging and plugging in to the
computer so we don't we don't know what
that what's making that sound I'm sorry
they can't even hear it they should
technically be able to hear it
Todd call for 15 months and roses rich
as a dude who has a GF beset with larger
size knockers thank you for sharing your
insight last week my girlfriend agrees
with you 1000% power to the nut to the
larger welcomes I don't know if you
noticed yeah I highlighted it it's very
funny it was a fair was it was a funny
moment I wanted to share with more
people I wanted to preserve that
specific moment as you know we're here
we're here for you
vx 1 3 5 4 24 fucking months in a row
the last hummus Dougie fresh 1 1:7 says
I hope you guys got the 2 DLC expansions
for this game blood and wine is
particularly amazing that's the one Jack
doesn't have
koulos for 14 months in a row this happy
day happy dad Day to all the dads all
the beds happy dad damn I listen I
haven't finished the regular game yeah I
don't give a shit if you have it or not
double blast own a 64 I don't know we
don't know what's doing that lapel
little pale
speaking moths I don't even know if
they're here that are you hearing that
I'm just just
