Jan 21, 2018
Dead Rising 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/221136810
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/221139365
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/221141521
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wlq6qfdlUS8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZhk8mbEbMc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNAsCwIoWek
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/955155673523867649

[Part I]
how are you doing we're early were early
we're early everybody we're 10 to 15
minutes early
shit happens which you know for many
people that's considered on time yeah
you know like if you if you are a
studious and upstanding person the time
you are supposed to be there if you show
up then you're late you're supposed to
be there 10 to 15 minutes beforehand so
then the time when you're supposed to be
there then you're brave go yeah at that
time and you know I'm never I'm
constantly late I used to be on time a
lot so so tell us all about your
horrible day Oh horrible you walk in I'm
tired bad dance tell everyone about your
horrible day I didn't say too bad that I
said I'm I'm feeling I'm feeling a
little slow feeling a little tired today
so yesterday I went I was in Madison
with my brother and my good friend Tim
Higgins and we went to the isthmus beer
and cheese festival over in Madison by
the way did we shall have a Tim Higgins
emote we of course we still okay of
course we still have Tim Tim though now
in full luxurious beard like a beard
that could rival Josh's huh
looking looking slick as hell last year
we went and we shot a video with them
with you know Tim and Nick being the
past me a beer guys this is mustache
table the curl or is that oh now it's
all beard it's just all integrated it's
all integrated he could still curl it if
he wanted but it's just all integrated
and so they had us out last year to
shoot a video with the hip pass me a
beer guys and this year they just
invited us back to say hey you you want
to just come and hang out and we'll give
you some free tickets we'll hook you up
with a hotel room just come and hang out
all the vendors loved having you around
there Nick and Tim are like celebrities
in the beer market people in the beer
world love the hey passed me and be your
videos right and so you know sure so you
know we clear the day and it's like hey
this is this is what we're doing and so
just all day rich I had to drink to
licious beer from vent from hundreds of
vendors across across America a lot of
local stuff that I haven't had yet I had
to drink it all and it's not just a beer
fests rich it's a beer and cheese sorry
and there was so much delicious cheese
rich I actually spent a little too much
money I bought a little too much cheese
I think it was so you spent too much and
cheese but not too much I'm doing well
the beer is all free all free well and
you get free samples of all the cheese
but then you could also read them by
abraca jeez I mean of course he's
drinking all day everything's good to
choose is so delicious and you want a
black Jean and it was great and we know
we had a great time but I needed to be
back here very early this morning and
after and after a day of just nothing
but beer and cheese then you have to
wake up very early to drive back so I'm
feeling I'm just a little slow but I had
a fantastic behave ok had a fantastic
day met some met some fans of ours one
of whom was a beer vendor there
yeah I stuck around there a little long
and I get a couple of tastes couple
tastes of their beer free anyway
apparently so no it's great well you
better yeah hang out you hang out it was
great it was it was a lot of fun
I brought some video stuff anyway just
to a couple a couple toys that I got
recently just to try some stuff out
give chainsaws on the side of your
motorcycle this is like the dad rock of
video games so you mean it's not
terrible of your music okay
but I want a lot more confirmation from
the chat though I guess first yeah are
we are we is this actually before I
start fucking with things based on one
person should return rehabs line turn
rich and I I got I got two people saying
it's fine okay three people saying it's
five seems okay
and now it's time for America's most
dangerous danger
error is reality that's a zombie killing
game show is still a man it's minor plot
point episode she's born that they did
turn another second dressed uprising
game and the second Dead Rising game I
just think like and the third is the
third vested yes I think like you can't
include the word terror when you have a
motorcycle with chain cells on that's
not necessarily terrified okay with the
BMX bikes
well the multiplayer mode is different
sometimes you're shoving the
degeneracies
that's fun
that's best zombie game best zombie game
is Dead Rising one in Dead Rising one
has the Romero vibe down fuckin pack a
little bit silly a little bit creepy
smiled social commentary mixed in where
there's an emphasis on on leadership
skills Dead Rising one is the ultimate
Romero game I think that's a that's a
that's a fair take I've always been
preferential just because that's what I
have my time in 2 to the left 4 dead
series I've always liked the lack of in
series I'm not saying left 4 Dead's bad
or anything I'm just saying if you want
to distill the essence of what
specifically the the the Romero Night of
the Living Dead a in the dead what those
movies were and what they cared about
and what they were about its Dead Rising
1
damn you won by a long shot I know I did
I know I did
it's like I've played this before
shitting screaming that the view is
barely available at races are you
talking about a different thing or what
that was what I have not seen I Tania
Jack Tripper Joyce I wanted to and that
when we were when we were down on
vacation as I talked about sometimes my
my cousin the director brings some
screeners with him but I Tania was the
hot ticket that was the one everyone
wanted so I didn't get a chance to watch
that while I was down chap Telltale's
The Walking Dead I I'm not even
convinced that qualifies as a game
that's that's an interactive story which
may or may not be your thing I don't
want to I don't want to get into that
debate right now right what constitutes
as a game but you want to talk about
George Romero and people and people
being able to work together and not
working together efficiently and then
those kind of group dynamics you had
yeah in the the day of dead neither
Living Dead that's the escort missions
in Dead Rising they translated that shit
into gameplay not the storytelling they
translated it into gameplay alright I'm
saying no one I think that's fair I
think I think that's fair that's what
that's what I've always liked about the
left 4 dead series is balancing that
because it's multiplayer you have to
balance taking care of yourself and
taking care of your teammates yeah
and so yeah it has a similar vibe you
know the group the group is stronger is
this a zombie rights activist group dead
rising is a Schlacht version of that
though play the first game the first
game is not that schlocky
compared to the third when they're just
like fuck it we're doing something
stupid especially the fourth one they
didn't care at all and didn't even they
like they weren't even familiar with the
first two games they made the fourth he
had a towel on I was wondering what that
guy was wearing his pants it was a towel
it was a towel everything's fine
be cool about fire safety has a tip for
us and says hey guys you absolutely need
to play troll and I it's a best of the
worst level so bad it's good game that
is played in co-op it could make a
hilarious stream say hello to Mike and
Jay the troll and I okay we will look
into it in Dead Rising one you can Don a
serve but head and run around in daisy
dukes pretty schlocky you can you don't
have to it's an option I for even I
guess what what I will say in defense of
dead rising is schlock it has many
over-the-top elements to it okay we're
even like you know of course you don't
have to like wear the funny outfits you
can but even the writing of the villains
the the way your character interacts
with you know the hot justice lady or
whatever like it's schlock ingrained
that the the camera guy like the guy who
wants you to take pictures being way
over the top it has some schlock
ingrained in it I think and I'm not
saying is that a bad way oh no I'm not
saying that's a bad thing it's it's own
thing I'm saying they get away
luckier than the first one oh sure no
and I don't think the schlock discounts
what you what you are saying about group
dynamics and yeah the hysteria that's
caused by being overrun with zombies
yeah the true villains are the people
that can't handle the stress of the
situation that's that's the Night of the
Living Dead that's class that's the one
guy in the house who turns into a real
prick and lots of people out the enemy
within the pressure pressure and greed
those are the real villains - get it -
get it so I'm gonna say if you're a fan
of the Romero movies you might be more
inclined to like Dead Rising but other
zombie games sure you like 28 days later
maybe not so much yeah then you want to
look for them that's more that's more
fast-paced action it's fun game fine
game but just just fast obvious they
just don't they don't do it for me so it
wasn't it's intense man it's just
pressure pressure pressure pressure
pressure pressure it's at the except the
complete expense of the creepy yeah it's
I will say left for dead does get a
little creepier the more you play it you
know you kind of you find those moments
where like you are mowing down the
regular zombies with relative ease but
then you know like you hear that which
and you know the problems that the which
contribute it has the creep but yes it's
more it's more action-oriented I'll give
you that I feel about Dead Rising off -
off the record that was the version they
made a version of this game and a
non-canon version with tagging estroux
first game that of all nights Frank West
okay that's fine fun concept but it's
when they started turning Frank West
from his actual character into like the
joke version of him oh sure and it's fun
it's fun it's not supposed to be cannon
you get the original voice actor back
but he's the character is starting to
turn into a joker
gotcha yeah
I mean in first game he's really just a
do mm-hmm he's not full of witty
one-liners when when he kills like when
the psychopath dies he's mostly
horrified Oh like a normal human being
clown falls on the chainsaw he doesn't
say you know I mean one that would be a
parable I'd be a terrible one-liner he
looks like he's about to throw up and
discussed it then somebody died in front
of him in such a horrible manner like
like a human being right right
what is the one-liner if a clown falls
on a chainsaw
that's a heaven well I could I get steel
what see this protagonist here
he's full of those dumb one-liners oh so
if I could steal aligned directly from
this game yeah
psychopath dies by falling out of song
no I saw what you did there
oh that's beds that's a protagonist
that's bed yeah yeah I guess this clown
had some teeth you know I saw what you
did there man should have given it a
little joke the Vietnam flashback guy is
one of the bosses in the first one he
dies was a sentimental moment and
Franco's and he closes his eyes oh it
doesn't say goofy dumb loiter got you
that time pal I guess Charlie got you in
the end yeah off the record Frank West
is starting to turn into that gotcha
gotcha
these zombies have glowing eyes
what a science pill clone that falls on
a chainsaw that now yeah now you're
working it twitch Evans 69 yeah just
credit for that one ooh he really the
bus did it good yeah off off the record
Frank West would have said that's a real
side-splitter yeah yeah that's good I
like that
what is Zombrex what is that that's the
medicine that keeps you from turning
into a zombie if you've been infected oh
okay it's a nice take you know if
they're gonna have the modern trend with
zombies is that it's some kind of
infection right you know used to be
unexplained now it's just a virus of
course it's a logical outgrowth from
that but you know maybe maybe you could
have a vaccination of some sort yeah
preventative that a pharmaceutical
company would be selling something to
keep you from turning into a zombie
yeah I like that being bitten by a
zombie in this in this game universe is
a lot like having herpes you gotta take
you gotta take medicine for the rest
your life it's always there sure well
that's that's Walking Dead Canon spoiler
alert for season 1 of The Walking Dead
which is very old at this point
but you know they have to figure out who
among the group is infected and so they
go to a lab and everyone has a tests
like Oh who's infected with the zombie
virus but the shocking twist is so just
everyone when you die I turn into zombie
everyone yeah shocking twist
don't worry oh it's for the kid nice I
like that that's that's that's us some
decent steaks we got here every in-game
day you need to find more of this
drawing yeah yeah that's an empty box he
didn't have time to buy more medicine I
like it I dig it and ask your doctor if
some bricks is right from you
side effects include constipation
diarrhea vomiting dry mouth
hallucinations thoughts of suicide
I got print ads up around here oh yeah
you know what you know what I'm gonna
criticize the story of this game real
quick oh yeah this is this is this game
takes place in universe where zombie
outbreaks are a thing that happens yeah
to the point where this city has an
emergency zombie shelter mmm they don't
have any anti zombie drugs in these
zombie security bunker which seems
really fucking stupid here's here's what
I'm gonna yeah here's my good because
I'm what I'm sure well you'll have to
tell me if this is part of the social
commentary of the game uh-huh
is that you know the pharmaceutical
company who makes that is part of the
bad guys yes of course and so I'm sure
they're charging ridiculous prices for
that yeah and you can't afford that on a
city budget
Jesus this is why this guy is degrading
himself to be in some kind of games
money to buy the medicine that and I've
never even heard of this game I mean
I've heard of this game but I've never
played this game I assume that's the
case which I like I like that take
Stacey fourths fry style forsyth forsyth
something like that that's a weird name
yeah Forsythe
she's leader of the protest group that
doesn't like the way people are creating
the zombies right yeah I saw that in the
intro they're dead though so let's set
it down
I like that Venus exaggerated signs of
death include rigor mortis erotic smell
an occasional drowsiness please see your
doctor or mortician
if signs of death increase as you may
need to up your dosage of sound banks
stop surname shaming hack jacquard I
will not it's a weird name Forsyth so my
plan currently yeah I'm kind of planning
things out now oh I'm gonna stream an O
death row this game all right I'm gonna
try and do a perfect run of this game
alright I like it so you're just kind of
warming up this oh yeah yeah practice
run practice yeah practice I'm not going
I'm not going the distance tonight I'm
trying to find good ways to deal with
the early Psychopaths you run across
when I'm still at like a a low level in
the game sure sure okay I'm with you
yeah I'm holding my tactics I like it I
like it
this is batting practice to use an app
to metaphor scam gets better when you
can ditch that dumb Yellow Jacket but
then Yellow Jacket it's like the one
thing I like about this is motorcycle
jacket it's striking I'm gonna you know
I'm gonna say I'm okay with the jacket
okay I'm okay I have no strong feelings
but I'm okay with it
I do need a water though I'm now back
speedrun this game I don't know I don't
know how possible that is this game is
on a timer like I don't think I can
hasten the end it doesn't work that way
so because I have time to do it I'm
going to tackle one of the early bosses
first oh good I'm going to ignore the
little storyline quest for now and take
a detour
okay like I'm supposed to go in that
pharmacy look for the drug but I'm
skipping that right now okay I've got
the I've got free time to do it so I'm
gonna tackle one of the bosses and again
what a psychopath right off right off
the bat really yep all right I'm down
should save that jacket screams his love
of mountain dew yeah this character is
kind of obnoxious they yeah they didn't
bother to give him a personality like
like Frank West is a human being
mm-hmm in the first game this guy is
just cool guy but cool he's guy he does
he does the motocross and he's cool guy
extreme and at some point they realized
well maybe he's not such a deep
character and they just like when they
conceived of this character has got a
daughter so cool that wasn't enough a
slap out of daughter yeah yeah yeah he's
the laziest conceived character of all
time we have we have to give him some
sort of really an ability yeah he's got
a kid yeah
though to be fair if you you know the
zombie apocalypse you don't want to get
bitten at all right yeah so you want to
be wearing clothes that are sturdy tear
resistant oh yeah and have ease of
movement you're not gonna find anything
better than a motocross jacket it's got
padding it's leather it's gonna be hard
to bite through and it has good movement
I'm fine with this yes yeah I am
Oh
- lazier than Captain phasma captain
phasma is not a character though captain
phasma is an outfit I actually taught
early to trigger interesting I didn't
know you could do that so so because
they tried to give him a character of he
has a daughter yes he's lazier yeah
captain phasma they knew was just a
character like someone in an outfit they
didn't even try they're like no one's
gonna care it's a cool outfit we don't
care about captain phasma's extended
family I was like they tried with with
Chuck green hair but it was a really
lazy attempt well also like they're
asking a lot like cool dude McCool
Motocross doesn't necessarily pair well
with concerned dad yeah you know I'm
gonna do some sweet tricks off my bike
but my little girl needs your medicine
hold on check out this 360 backflip
someone needs to look after my little
girl yeah so no note to self um if I run
straight to this first bosses it's too
early to trigger that boss Oh fairly I'm
assuming I have to wait too at least
four o'clock in game oh okay note note
self is there anything you can do to
like grind while you wait for four it's
so close right now like why bother sure
I'm with you anything I can really
you know I kind of grab food
are you drunk yet jack I'm a little
drunk still from yesterday from
yesterday's beer Capades but no I'm fine
I am a sober jack tonight I eat the
donut out for forcing got a little bit
of a cheese hangover also but I had some
cheese today and that helps to take care
of my cheese hangover they had this
amazing garlic cheddar it's like aged
cheddar like with garlic and fusing and
it's like it's that perfect cheddar
where it's just like a little bit soft
and it melts in your mouth just when you
put it in is this so fucking amazing
should be there now something horrible
has happened they had I got a pesto
Havarti cheese this like creamy pesto my
refrigerator is filled with cheese what
a terrible terrible famously the
greatest this is the greatest deny
Wisconsin stereotypes have a cheese
hangover I know he's killing people to
feed to his tiger I also love I love his
character model like look at how gross
he looks I think he's great yeah he
reminds me of the diaper babies from
from it's not far off yeah
do you have to fight the tiger or him
there's something secret with the tiger
by the way oh yeah are you gonna do it
my goal is nice that's great all of the
good Dead Rising Psychopaths are tragic
that's horrifying go and eat your fresh
meat nice and slow you can do a rich I
can't
fortunately he's not that hard a boss
sure I could take him at level one I
assume you don't wanna get too far away
or else he loses his gun yep
holy moly nice
nice nice part-1 done well wait where
did you guys teleport to the same area
we're at just like 20 feet over we're
actually coming up he's in the Tigers
pen oh sure sure yeah yeah I guess it
just looked like you someone yeah can
you guys upload videos somewhere else
than YouTube I'm having a problem well
we started you know like all the videos
all the past broadcasts are here on
Twitch as well as highlights so if you
go to like you know recent past
broadcasts we'll just be in the past
broadcasts or in the highlight section
is where we you know chop them up into
like our two-hour chunks you can watch
all the videos there and any future
videos made will be uploaded to twitch
so watch here if you can watch here
what's more here and any of the past
broadcasts or the highlights you can
actually watch with the chat which i
think is better like watch what the chat
is saying as well no I did not get over
it
I did not get over it I have not gotten
very far in getting over it and it's
very very upsetting
all right so you want to kill it I mean
you take away its health yeah if you
want to make an enemy your friend I'm
gonna drop them stakes what shit if you
see him there no that was an epic
dodging you did it perfectly and now you
need to make him see it he's the one oh
my god
I know his hope goes up and his health
goes up so of course your first
playthrough you'd be really discouraged
cos he doesn't see it nope he did not
see that one he was already because
already on me who's already on me it's
alright that's alright don't see it
hello oh there goes he's up he's got it
how many do you have to give him three
maybe four if he's taking some damage
sure oh so if you can get him to full
health or your friend oh that's way down
the zombie
like that but I see it you see that he
sees it he's got it he's got it the
friend of the tiger
that's great what a twist
he's gonna run around fighting zombies
yeah yeah join bonus you have to get him
back anywhere or no he's just he's got
to go back with me to the safehouse
that's great that's a great little touch
it's gonna follow me around well I'm
here and we say this is the guy yeah
Lenny not like big kitty
I guess he's friends with Ted oh sure
okay Chuck now he's so Lenny
they should have just named the other
guy Carl Ryan got over with like we get
it yeah to doing of license on base of
my we're gonna go to the farm Lenny
we're gonna see the rabbits and like do
you basically just not have to worry
about snowflake because because it's a
tiger and it can take care of it shit
yeah yeah I've never had an issue where
snowflake died so Oh is it George let me
and George George yeah yeah who's Lenny
and Carl you thinking of the Simpsons I
am thinking of the Simpsons I do mean
George by the way thank you for
correcting me I got of mice and men
screwed up with The Simpsons because
that's a natural thing
both are pop-culture references
whorehouse - there's v-up oh well for
safety's sake we're gonna save I said
I'm not I'm not going my no death run
tonight right that'd be that'd be crazy
you just do you know yeah
warming up stretching out
alright let's see we're worrying tips
here um anonymous says Jack did you see
Jumanji I hated it thought it was so
transparently lazy and it represented
the death of our culture wow I mean it's
pretty extreme that's that's incredibly
extreme so I'm gonna go ahead and not
believe you with that amount of
hyperbole and this is coming from
someone who enjoyed central intelligence
what I've heard about Jumanji is that
it's overwhelmingly not the worst thing
in the world of the new one yeah I keep
hearing for me like oh yeah I wasn't bad
my wife took the kids to go see it and
they loved it the kids loved it yeah
and she was like yes alright so you know
it's a kids movie as long as kids like
it I guess exactly and you know for it
coming from an adult going now you know
like I didn't hate sitting through it
like that's a that's a big deal
for an adult going to a kids movie is
not hating yourself so you know singing
so oh it's also yeah it's huge it's it's
hugely successful and but I I plan on
seeing it at some point it's not high on
my list of things to see
you're right striker the movie must only
appeal to angry adult nerds if it's not
both nerdy and dark I won't see it and
it's the death of our culture culture
right it's got its got the rock
it's got Gillian Jacobs who's great it's
got Jack Black Kevin Hart I can take or
leave as an actor as a comedic presence
I'll take her leave him but it's got the
rock then we have to keep eye on
survivors in this game Karen Gillan what
did I call her I forget
I say names wrong you know I'm talking
about mother fuck Amy Pond mother
fucking um what's-her-name in guardians
Gamora sister go accion nebula you meet
a Beulah I mean in movie names
yes nebula yep actors Karen Gillan whoa
settle down lady you just met all right
now I'm gonna fight these looters as
part of the story mission with with my
pet tiger looking forward to that I like
it and is Lenny gonna fight too yeah
well you have a tiger
if you feel about film theory being
blamed for people hating the last Jedi I
don't know like his film theory a thing
or you just mean film theory in general
well however you slice it I didn't
particularly enjoy my viewing experience
because it wasn't the worst thing I've
ever seen no I think I think I think the
problem is that it's called Star Wars
you know and it's played out and it's
gonna be yeah but that's just me you
know I like to stop talking about Star
Wars for the love of each new I'm
delighted to talk about my pet tiger and
Dead Rising 2 we were having a good
someone talks about a chat I just wanted
to bring it up I didn't I wanted to make
it clear I'm gonna talk about Star Wars
in length in a little bit yeah
yeah okay because I was doing some
research over the weekend on Star Wars
and and I've made I made some people
very upset with me and and some findings
about Star Wars but we'll get there all
the Star Wars we're just gonna talk
about nothing but Star Wars wait did you
beat them that easily yeah nice they
never wanna help
you have a tiger with you right
how do you tip underneath the video
player there's a button that will take
you to our stream tip and you can tip
there well let's see here dust clown
Stein says Jack you're a ps2 guy ever
played Ratchet and Clank I love the
first three when I was younger I've
played them again recently and they
still hold up I'd I had a ps2 kinda I
mean but everybody had a ps2 right I
don't know if I'm a Ratchet and Clank I
don't know if I've never really played
it either I did not I don't know if I
ever played Ratchet and Clank I'm sorry
that was uh that was part of like the
big 3d platforming collectathon nuthouse
and I didn't I didn't get to up on in
that Ratchet and Clank is this
collectathon I believe is it I guess it
always look I think I think it's a
little bit more combat II oh then
actually I might like it I always put it
up there with Banjo and Kazooie so I
stayed away from this you know I didn't
much care for that Banjo and Kazooie
yeah like that and jak and daxter Isles
right didn't play that I always put
those guys all of those in the same boat
so I just left him alone
gizmo and Klump that's a good one
right that sounds like one day they all
are right you know shubo and Teddy blow
Bowen Jake yep
Denise in the Hat like they're all it's
all the same garbage
you'll see oh are you apparently I will
it's not super exciting it'll help me
level up sure sure
that's what that's what it's all about
you got to grind it all right
gents
Roberto says watched fateful findings
with some friends last night thanks jack
it was sufficiently terrible with some
of the worst line reads I have ever
heard glad I suffered it yeah that's a
special one man faithful findings is an
absolute special one get on it if you
haven't yet I'm sure most people in chat
here have our members of the church of
green so you know I believe they most
have seen it but oh boy who boy is that
something special right people on a
tiger you know I took the tiger a little
bit to get used to you but they're all
fine you know I got a tiger it's great
anonymous says uh okay says anonymous
says acquire a sexpot for a fetishist
shoot crazy religious fanatics into
space and talk to a toaster that wants
to destroy the world just a taste of
what you can do in Fallout New Vegas try
it out I'm not sure the Fallout games
are for me I by the way I believe you
that the stories and fallout are
fantastic okay I believe the world yeah
I think from a gameplay perspective it's
not necessarily my cup of tea you're not
a super big role-playing person though
no not generally yeah right you know I
don't understand the there VATS system
and I don't get it
the fallout world I do not get but I
believe you that the stories are great
okay so I grab that beach bowl yeah some
one of the gimmicks with the kid okay
you can give her presents that gets you
experience points and if she likes them
all right oh you clever bastard shit I
got you kid give me points I got you all
this shit by the way you know that tiger
I saved yeah my daughter you can give a
title to your lots really tiger things
were like a hidden secret thing anyway
okay it doesn't give you as many points
that's great your tiger now right now we
need a scene later on where the tiger
saves the girl right you needed like a
hidden little cutscene or she's about to
die in the Tigers answer
you gave me a bag of marbles a ball of
little pony and a tiger I got time to
kill him yeah now she gets to clean up
the litter box all right what do we got
here valium plugs fences hey guys
subnautica gets its full release in a
few days it's getting high reviews and
would be a great stream game I've played
a few hours and it's one of the best
I've played in a few years do you know
anything about subnautica yeah no let me
know I don't I don't know if I think I
ever heard of it I've not I've
definitely not played it the name sounds
vaguely familiar that's about all I can
tell you right
lady I ain't no lady
new Vegas force which please we're
getting you know every everything that
can be on the switch will be the switch
is becoming the the port the port king
oh absolutely great for them apparently
the Nintendo stock rose by the billions
after their labo announcement why people
love it $70 cardboard people love it
their investors love it and they're
gonna they're gonna do it they're gonna
go gangbusters they're gonna corner the
cardboard market rich rich likes easy
games is that true that's what I know
about you my insistence I'm playing XCOM
to one hard not losing a single soldier
no easy game I love Ninja Gaiden no it's
super easy game FTL easy game first dead
rising easy game you know especially
getting a save everyone no death run
it's super easy to do yeah yeah yeah
rich it's fine fine
people are dick kids trying to get a
rise out of me yeah ah the ghost of Nix
is on the topic of schlock do you think
john Landis's 1973 movie schlock is
worthy of work I haven't seen it I've
not seen it either I've heard it I know
we made it I I don't know anything about
it being best of the worst worthy
because I've never seen it and so that
might be a J question I'm sure Jay seen
it that sounds like a movie J would see
first we got to give her her zombie
medicine
sure
he was a stuffed animal instead of some
medicine right that's great no like now
okay gave you a shot you don't like that
but here's the big stuffed animal
Jed she's playing mega man cuz the
series was created by the mega man guy
mm-hmm or as you might know I'm the
mighty number nine guy oh how sad how
sad mega man mustard no mustache the
player says seeing rich stream Dead
Rising the other day inspired me to go
back and play a favorite of mine
Resident Evil 4 was curious if you guys
ever played it or have any opinions on
it not really I never gave the Resident
Evil series much of a chance I played
the first one I didn't much care for it
so yeah like I'm with you with the first
one the first Resident Evil like I
didn't get I hated the fact that every
room had its own unique camera angle and
you know like oh I just did not like it
right yeah
Resident Evil 4 if people remember was a
GameCube exclusive for a while and
GameCube didn't have a lot of games so I
played Resident Evil 4 and loved the
ever-loving fuck out of it it's a great
like you want to talk action schlock you
fight a giant zombie fish either you
have to go fishing for a giant zombie
fish at one point I love the resonator
for I think it's a great asset game I
don't know if they do this in other
Resident Evil games but they had a
really great inventory system where you
know
you had a case and everything you wanted
to fit in your inventory you had to like
Tetris into your case that's not
exclusive to that that's a lot of
old-school games oh okay
that was my first time original XCOM did
that with your individual soldiers oh
yeah
like you had to like you had to fit
whatever gear that I like that I thought
I thought that was a really neat way to
handle it and so I enjoyed it I enjoyed
Resident Evil 4 Oh quite a lot by the
way we're just watching news in this
game you know you are framed don't
forget about the evil midget
oh man there's so many going so many
good enemies a lot of a lot of creep a
lot of like ridiculous creep factor in
Resident Evil 4 our daughter this big
elephant it'd be great if all this stuff
stayed in the room and eventually the
room just became oh yes there's the
tiger there's the elephant
this daddy daycare some yeah it's a good
way to level up early when you don't
have any anything else pressing going on
just just bring your daughter some crap
and look at amarty level eight games
barely even started I'm already level
eight that's great that's great it's
fine strap CK in FL says hijack and rich
excellent stream tonight per usual are
there any upcoming rlm commentary tracks
not currently if not are there any
movies you would enjoy doing one on
thanks Carl I thought about it I could
probably find one I wouldn't mind doing
them likes it's not not currently
nothing in the works let's see here
wicks Minh says sent this with bits
earlier oh yeah I don't know we probably
need some sort of bits widget yep or
something cuz if people send stuff with
bits they can also leave a message ok so
I'll look into that so we don't have any
wave right now to get updates out if you
give us a message of a bit so don't
right now sorry unless you don't care to
have anything read right right yeah if
you just want to give bits and don't
care about anything being read that's
fine dr. Chuck but mud I will talk about
black lightning in a little bit hold on
wicks MIT ihnen says I'm new to reading
comics and want to know your favorite
series and runs started with ultimate
spider-man and I'm enjoying it so far
I'm a little bit old-school
so Roger Stern's run on the Amazing
Spiderman was pretty good to me ok art
wise I like anything John Romita Jr did
with spider-man savage dragons an
underrated gem and if you're looking for
something a little bit less superhero II
go and check out preacher yeah
yeah I mean there's there's just so much
good stuff out there ultimate spider-man
I think is a great place to start really
really accessible good good character
and there was a lot of good you know
you'll know once it starts getting bad
you'll know like right away so and it
rhymes with Spider moan what else have I
really enjoyed I enjoyed the new run of
Archer and Armstrong I really liked
Valiant Comics oh my god am I forgetting
am I gonna forget what it's called the
one with the psychics Harbinger that's
what it is Harbinger I really enjoy the
Harbinger there's uh the first the first
few runs of Miss Marvel if you're into
that I ever really enjoyed they just had
they just I just read their most recent
the most recent value of Miss Marvel
which is utter garbage man I really
hated it they were fighting they were
fighting rich an internet troll an
actual internet troll and I know it's
like a comic that's meant for teenagers
and so they were trying to say something
poignant to the teenage community yeah
but it was clearly written by someone
who was 40 years old and has never dealt
with an internet troll trying to talk to
teenagers I'm gonna come on man it was
it was a little rough but you know if
you're looking for something a little
more fun and getting to that squirrel
girl she's all sorts of fun
there's a poster you can look at that'll
show you new combo weapon oh okay
and dr. Chuck Nick but mud I didn't see
black lightning so last dream I talked
about seeing catching most of black
lightning the new CW superhero series
yeah
and I cut most of it now it's like yeah
I think this is pretty all right how
many most of how many episodes are there
there's just one there's just one
episode okay but like I wanted to watch
it before the stream and I ended up not
having enough time to watch the full
episode but I watch most of the first
episode and enjoyed it I was like you
know it's alright and there there seems
to be a lot of neat stuff that I hope
that they explore in the series
basically just being his role as a
superhero versus his role being the
principal of a high school and he has
this line where he's talking about like
saving more lives as his principal and
that was a concept that rich and I talk
about a lot with Batman where it's like
can you do more good punching bad guys
or contributing to your community in
other ways and I hope that's a running
theme in the show it's kind of like when
he needs to be a superhero and when he
needs to be just a pillar in the
community and so I came out feeling like
mostly positive but you know kind of
like on the fence but mostly positive
then I watched the rest of the episode
which had all the action in it in the it
ends the episode with like a big action
sequence and I'm like fuck yes it was
really great like I felt really good
about the ending so I'm down and for
some reason this isn't in the air over
even though it's on the same channels
for somewhere and I like tonally it's
going for something a little deeper I
think and so they didn't want to like
put this in the same universe for some
reason an egg
it's it's one of those things where it
very easily could just like one day say
oh we are in the error universe and it
always has been but we've never
mentioned it before they're not
explicitly saying they're not in the
arrowverse okay but people in CW are
saying that so okay but the show hasn't
said it so they could always change
their mind
and remember Supergirl
still technically isn't in the
arrowverse but they do crossovers homes
I guess that's true yeah yeah so it's
the doors there oh yeah they hop to
different earths all the time I'm
talking about the show Black Lightning
the new CW superhero show what Black
Lightning who you might remember from
the Super Friends cartoon as the Super
Friends
I have no idea that's that's old chill
for me yeah that's too old no he was uh
he was the first on DC Comics he was the
first black superhero to get his own
comic so he's he's a big figure in black
comics yes so he has his own show now
he's old you know he's an adult he used
to be a superhero then he gave up the
superhero life to become like a normal
citizen he has like ex-wife and some
kids and their kids are teenagers and so
like they're it's a different dynamic
than most superhero shows well check it
out
it's the flash show any good it looks
like trash it's it's not doing great
right now but you'd be surprised how far
charisma can get you the charisma of all
of the actors in the flash really really
gets you over the rough spells they're
doing a whole thing right now with
what's-his-name of a thinker
I think the thinker I think that's the
bad guy or the I think his name is the
thinker he kind of looks like MODOK he's
the main villain of this season of the
flash and he's you know just basically
hyper intelligence they have the
flash-fry you know somebody had this
rogues gallery you just really grabbed
they've used him a lot they have yeah oh
they've used group okay how do they
handle Gorilla Grodd on TV he's uh he's
CG he's a cg gorilla he is a talking ape
though they did it
he talks psychically okay but yeah you
know he is a hyper intelligent talking
ape they banished him to an ape planet
though one of one of the one of the
Earth's is an ape planet and so he's
banished there I think that's the comics
that's probably oh yeah you know he
comes from an ape world
oh well here he was created by or at
least an ape city I think that's where
he's living now here he was created by
the reverse-flash
all right I actually forget it's been
it's been so it's been so long but right
now the the main rogue is the thinker
who's hyper smart and has framed Barry
Allen for his own murder the thinker
yeah because he swapped bodies because
his body was dying because he was too
smart but now he figured out a way to
contain his smarts in a new body Oh
Barry Allen for Barry Allen's murderers
oh no Barry mad Allen for the thinker's
murder
okay okay that makes a little bit more
sense and so Barry Allen had to decide
had to choose whether or not to go to
jail or reveal to the world that he was
the flash because that was the only
thing that would exonerate him anyone's
jet because he's a good guy so that's
where we aren't on the flash kind of
lame we just came back from the
mid-season break and kind of the the
introduction back to the flash was kind
of a lame
the clown was pretty fun he juggles
chainsaws Ivan uses the chainsaws
against Jim Kent the photographer might
be the actually the most satisfying to
just punch in the face because he's
obnoxious
uncle flies I agree I agree that Barry
could have cleaned up the entire crime
scene before the police walked in
because he's the flash he could have
cleaned up the whole crime scene and
been back to say what's going on but
then like if if Barry did like a really
logical thing and prevented that from
happening what you end up with is no
show because sometimes things need to
happen in a show in order for there to
be applaud and drop shouldn't drop her
gun I think she knocked a gun out of a
zombie cop's hand it looked like she
dropped her gun as you could see she is
clearly still holding hers yeah there
were some zombies security guards that
she kind of shouldered and he dropped
his gun jack they want me to find fun
outfits for my when I actually like the
default jacket Jack are you I saw that
are you literally arguing wait wait what
is that Dead Rising 2 you can move and
use guns at the same time yeah but the
guns are a lot weaker in this one than
they were in Dead Rising 1 shotgun would
fuck some shit up in Dead Rising 1 the
shotgun and fuck up zombies but it's
useless for bosses so Tiberius Kirk here
is counter counteracting my point about
you know sometimes characters have to
act a little dumb for plot to happen he
says he says Jack you're literally
arguing that bad writing is better than
nothing or they could just write a
better show yes they could just write a
better show but I guess what you're
failing to understand is writers
producers directors all of these people
have deadlines
so you you can say just write a better
show but they are under a ton of time
constraints where they just need to get
material out and that's the way that
network television works they need to
get it out for deadlines and so I'm not
arguing that bad writing is okay
I'm just saying drama needs to happen
here shotgun is fun to accidentally
shoot a follower in the face Dead Rising
hot tip this is why when you have
followers you don't use the shotgun
yourself
okay you give the shotgun to the
follower ah they one shot zombies that
are in their way multiple zombies yeah
cuz it's a shotgun it's got the spread
and then never ends out of ammo when
it's got a survivor shooting it oh well
yeah you give the shotgun to the
survivor absolutely that's right the the
the writers of somethin like flash
they're not paid to write a good show
they're just paid to write the show and
anyone who by the way who wants to like
get into the industry this should be
good news for you because anyone can
write it just just be in there you just
have to write things
have you were rich ever had a job where
you received tips besides this one no
yeah
besides this one no oh you know what I
take it back when I was a wedding DJ I
would often get tips at the end of the
night not sure if this counts as a tip
or a bribe I used to work oh I just work
at a grocery store and I was wait a
minute
I was working fine with the statute of
limitation on this line I was working
behind the meat counter
okay and I was closing up one night I
had the lights off and everything I
going home in like 15 minutes okay and
this guy walked up he wanted a filet
mignon cut X amount of thickness okay
that's like my lights are off my hours
are up I'm getting really Mike I'm sorry
sir we're closed yeah we're closed
I'm not a butcher I can't do it I'm not
I'm not one of the meat cutters oh sure
he slips me a 50 I went in back I'm not
a meat cutter I don't care I've seen
them do it and doesn't I'm to grab one
of the filets out trimmed it up kind of
a nice big fat filet the man wanted a
boy wait he knows how to get a filet no
that's that's not illegal that's fine
that's fine
so yeah by the way that's not a tip that
was definitely a bro oh yeah definitely
a bribe well he saw that he still had to
pay for it on the way out of the store I
didn't help him steal anything right he
just without rich there he just wouldn't
have gotten the piece of meat at all
right yeah as a wedding VJ often times
if I did a real bang-up job the bride
the groom or you know the parents of
would would palm me Paul me some extra
dough yeah that was always nice this
other time when I was getting ready to
close yeah and you know yeah they have
the ground beef behind the counter and
that that's not good for more than a day
whatever you have left at the end of the
day that gets that gets tossed into the
garbage and I'm closing up my lights
aren't quite off yet I'm just getting
ready to close okay this lady walks up
she wants a pound of ground sirloin I
look I don't have much more than a pound
left I got a pound and a quarter left so
I I wear up a pound yeah and then you
know who's gonna throw it out anyway I
took that extra 25 after I already
printed out Jilly got charged for a
pound after I print out the label I said
what was left I threw out of time it's a
nice extra she got pissed at me I asked
for a pound oh I'm sorry ma'am I took it
I took that I took that yeah I took that
extra offending 25 percent oh you know
it's 25 off that extra quarter pound it
took it off
ivory weighted got a pound and then I
turn around when I went to wrap and I
scooped it up I just threw it fucking
garbage
that so she got home with only a half
pound because I gave her extra for free
whoa
I - yeah to be fair and if she weren't
rude about if she had just said oh no
it's for a recipe no please maybe she
was like just I only asked her and
that's what I wanted and gonna get what
are you doing I'm giving you free meat
you know
uh I'll be on those who be fair even
from your perspective is you probably
just you prefer she ate an ass like it
was an incredibly generous gesture like
oh we only got mean a quarter pound
laughs no one's gonna buy a quarter
pound you just want the Amami to throw
the rest on top you won't even have to
pay for it oh there is fun yeah also it
sounds like she was being nice like I
wouldn't have done that if she weren't
being considerably rude oh sure
Chad hey Chad
the the one that one guy once yes I've
seen I saw the Punisher series on
Netflix it's alright it's alright
nothing in the series is as fantastic as
the prison scene with the Punisher in
daredevil season 2 I I think character
wise he doesn't do anything nearly as
intense as he does in daredevil season 2
but it's alright I like Jon Bernthal I
like Jon Bernthal in general but I give
it I give it a slightly above a mat for
me god Chuck your your dropkick is so
fucking pathetic compared to Frank West
drop kick jump kick this is full stop
Frank West just keeps going this is
always momentum
well it's worthless but if you did a
drop kick I think that's how it would
really be right jump kick yeah from a
gameplay perspective it's it's a useless
skill
in Dead Rising one great way to get
around in individuals on it great way
yeah
dad stop shooting your wife an accident
yeah like Punisher was alright III think
Punisher was better than iron fist and I
think it was better than Luke Cage and
not as good as Jessica Jones or Evo
season of daredevil
so that's all
move that's a crispy fried man says my
laptop has been dying for a long time
and it just croaked on me
the last thing it did was watch the last
stream of previously recorded how does
it feel to be laptop killers you hack
fraud bucks
we did it rich we killed that's all
we're trying to do it's not my thing I
don't have the patience for a marathon I
can barely handle three in a row
wasn't that already this weekend or is
that next weekend I don't know I think
that I think the Festa is happening I
think it happened Friday and Saturday
but actually now that I say that out
loud I D Fest is the 24 hours or 48 24
24 hour bad movie marathon no it's too
grueling
oh yeah it's it's it's a lot 24 straight
hours of bad movies it is a whole lot to
take in
26 and 2000 it's next weekend okay so
it's next weekend next week Friday and
Saturday down in Evanston Chicago
Evanston Illinois oh it's by uh it's it
takes place at Northwestern University
well god I I did go one year to be fest
and it was it's a glorious time but but
it's grueling it is a grueling it is a
gauntlet of terrible movies telegin we I
think we mentioned this last stream no
neither of us have seen Andy Dick's live
meltdown no I don't I don't care enough
about Andy Dick's meltdown right I'm
shocked enough to learn that Andy Dick
is still alive let alone still having
meltdowns
we got here
anonymous says I thought we were having
steamed clams oh no I said steamed hams
that's what I call hamburgers yeah
Simpsons reference I don't understand
what the occasion is that they would
bring that up but I understand the
reference I understand you know the
aurora borealis localized in your
kitchen in the daytime during the summer
months
damn fine I'm absolutely okay with that
no my kids have moved on from The
Simpsons my kids are no longer watching
The Simpsons they found a new flavor
there's a there's some Cartoon Network
shows that they're all about right now
including something called the Nexo
Knights and a unikitty show from from
the lego movie yeah we good for you to
do so they've moved on they no longer
care for the Simpsons why oh don't
follow me did you put him somewhere yeah
I put them somewhere any follow them I
must have accidently hit
come-hither button no I got two unwanted
companions then mm-hmm this is Dead
Rising 2 there are no real danger oh oh
god is that a giant stuffed animal for
kid again I'm here for this hey Betty
Esther oh that's a video all right
mm-hmm mmm Oh but Chad's ready to defend
you don't worry look at him
look I already gave these zombie man go
get him Chad yeah yeah fuck yeah Chad
oh I've been meaning to watch that there
there was a special on some channel
someone made a documentary about how how
Indian Americans feel about Appu
yeah and it seems it seems to be an
interesting subject matter like they
talk to Hank Azaria and everything yeah
and Hank Azaria's like I first
auditioned for a poo and they said can
you make it more racist like can you
exaggerate it more he's like alright now
that you know he's just a boy said he'll
do whatever but I heard good things
about the documentary I wanted to watch
that what do you got to do for Esther
finished talking to her oh okay I think
it's called the problem with a poo I
could hit the skip conversation button
but that feels like cheating okay oh no
don't worry it does it does
bumblebee man has a taco truck at
Universal and some tasty tacos in there
by the way oh you need to carry Esther
she can walk which is slow she stops
occasionally sure sure sure you know
what it's like with the old way with the
old yes I know exactly what that's like
she's one of the olds let's see here
mochi b85 says hi Wreckers it's nearing
the end of the month and no half in the
bag fuck you it's january episode to be
seen can we expect one soon or has
january finally broke wrong person to
ask
yeah we don't decide what happened the
bank episodes are made
sorry mochi I can tell you that I'm
playing Dead Rising 2 right now does
that help how does your rescuing a
Nestor mm-hmm that looks great
rich is currently doing the the the
grandma run a perfect grandma run of
dead rising to know slightly just ruin
to your grandma

[Part II]
mmm-hmm okay so now is the point in the
stream in which I'm going to talk about
Star Wars okay what do you have to say
about Star Wars so a topic that's been
discussed so much I want to throw up
when I hear the name star followed by
Wars III get you and by the way the
angry the anger I've received on Twitter
after some mild some mild Star Wars
comments makes me be there right with
you it's never worth it to talk about
Star Wars it's never worth it someone
tweeted at me the other day about how
many days I thought took place in the
force awakens okay they said you know
like I'm thinking about now and it kind
of felt like it took place over one day
yeah and I was like and you know I
started thinking about that and you know
it starts at night with the massacre and
then we got the next day with Ray
scavenging and then we have another
night scene and then we go the next day
but probably you know that third day is
like there on the Falcon there on the
other ship they go like that's a long
day but we there maybe there's another
night day and there so I'm gonna say
we're talking about a 24 hour human day
right human we have to assume we have to
assume that they they followed the same
basic clock as we do right the human
okay okay
space days if you will 24 hour space
days and so I'm assuming the force
awakens took place three over three or
four days and so I started thinking
about well no it starts at night well
you go to different planets you can't
judge it by the day at night
well no I'm jakku it starts at night
yeah then the next day on jakku she's
scavenging okay and then remember she's
sitting at the 8080 at night before the
action really starts right then they
leave the planet and that might be all
one same day for sure we have three days
okay after that I'm saying maybe for
right
like some kind of weird eight-hour day
exactly right there's a there's a lot of
variables and yes yeah I'm making a lot
of assumptions it's every planet's a 24
hours every planet has a party of course
yeah jakku is the opening scene that's
where they killed the old man
that's why bb-8 ended up on jakku and
found ray a 24 hour day and and
precisely one environment yes
desert desert or spaceship of some
varying degrees
they really mixed it up with return when
they added a jungle to the mix okay so
then I started thinking about the
original series and I had a little time
on my hands and so I actually like you
know I popped open the original series
and started scrubbing through them to
figure out how many days took place in
the original series and in a new hope
it's actually four days you know
something interesting about Star Wars
and time in a new hope I thought this
was very interesting so we have a couple
days on what's Luke's home planet we
have a couple days on Tatooine but then
on the third day is when they go when
they go to the the most Eisley cantina
when they take off with han Solo but
then you know when Luke's doing his
lightsaber training that's two in the
morning okay because the homme says we
should arrive at Alderaan at Oh 200
hours which means Han uses military time
okay which I thought was very strange
but like they're all doing that at 2:00
in the morning
on the fourth day on what would be the
fourth day and in Star Wars presuming Oh
two hundred means the same thing you
have to presume that man it's Star Wars
you probably would presume that because
it's Star Wars but yeah so that takes
place over four days and so then I start
going into Empire right yeah and using
only what's available in the movie and
that's the important part for you
fuckwads only information available in
the movie Empire takes place over five
days
which by the way New Hope's episode four
empires episode of five by the way we
get to return uh-huh
six days four five six four Episode four
five and six
uh-huh and that crazy I just thought it
was is it okay if I say no I just think
that's an incredible coincidence don't
you think yeah I think it's an
incredible coincidence I'm not oh god
I'm not saying they planned that out
Jesus Christ they'd couldn't plan
something out right I'm just saying what
an incredible coincidence and so I tweet
out something to that that variety yeah
you know for the episode for Forbes
right right right
so here's where I'm incredibly wrong
according to the internet rich yeah you
ready for it I'm ready for it the Empire
Strikes Back you know Luke goes to take
about a train and behind and Leia go to
Cloud City I understand
do you know how long that movie takes
place yeah three to four months what
that's that's what people on the
internet say is three to four month i
Empire oh you know why why they can't
handle that Luke didn't have that much
training that he had about five hours
worth of training and that's absolutely
the case he had five hours
no he's Undead above for giving it like
of like the full breadth of my
imagination
he's undead buff for three days Hannah
Hannah Malia weren't on on the run for
no fucking four months I fucking know
cuz they can't handle the Luke Skywalker
Jedi training he's amazing chale said
yes he turned out like Ray Ray learn
instantly not like that's exactly what
it is rich that's exactly what it
fucking is and they're so
determined to prove me wrong they're so
determined to prove me wrong about this
they're like well you know you know what
it was rich in the novelization they
explained that it indeed took Han and
Leia months to get to bespin but no it's
like in the movie they're there in a day
they're there in a day maybe two it
doesn't matter
Richi impersonation of the internet no
yeah so that's the point that's what
I've been dealing with is all these
nerds who are so hell-bent on proving
that Luke is a better Jedi because he
has all right oh and he didn't he
totally did not oh god no and clearly
the next time he sees Yoda and Jedi he
hasn't come back
based on their dialogue right right but
they're so hell-bent on proving their
points that they make up random bullshit
like I said according to the
novelization according to things that
aren't in the movie oh no yeah it was
months it took him he was training for
months right but there's nothing in the
movie that says that it was anything
like it there's nothing in the movie
that says han and Leia were in the
Falcon for anything more than a couple
hours they're in the exact same fucking
chair it's not a Mary Sue Luke's not a
very suit Luke's not a Mary Sue Luke's
not a very soon Luciana Maurice to
Luke's Lattimer so the girl is the
girl's the battle the girls the bad one
not Luke Luke is good and perfect all
the time it's the girl that's the bad
one right I understand by the way I
understand what you guys are all saying
though their hyperdrive was busted and
so you know logically it would take them
months to get to bespin the only problem
is that's not shown anywhere in the
movie they detach from the big cruiser
and they're all sitting in the cockpit
of the Falcon and they fly off - best
been cut - they're at best Ben's still
sitting in the cockpit all wearing the
same clothes and no time has passed if
they're not able to hit Lightspeed then
that journey took them tens of thousands
of years unless unless Bespin is of the
very same star system that I might have
only taken a year and why would they
think they could hide there in the same
star system
that they're fleeing from oh no it seems
that their logic is broke it's very soon
right so he had more than two days of
training he's not a Mary Sue he's the
best trained Jonathan it's because he
had so much training that's why because
he had so much training that's why
that's why he's not so that's it that's
all it was is over and over all weekend
is people just doing their best to prove
me wrong and they do just can't people
you absolutely cannot there there's a
case that Luke is on Dagobah for three
days I still think it might just be too
well two days of training he lands he
lands the one day the night okay and
then he's got one day of training where
he he's got Yoda on his back and he does
the flips and he goes to face you know
fake Vader in the cave and then he's got
day two of training where he's lifting
rocks and Yoda lifts the x-wing and then
he sees the vision of his friends and
then he leaves that night yeah he has
two days worth of training I've I've
always known this right the the Nerds on
the Internet do not do not believe my
favorite part is you know everyone
everyone points to this novelization
right all right well ants and so they
say you know like that's what don't you
understand that's why people are so
upset about ray because she didn't have
any training and to which case you can
just say oh well then just wait for the
novelization of a force awakens and I'm
sure they'll clear all that up you don't
even need that fucking kylo Ren is
bleeding to these cash out the kidney
and you don't even need that the space
wizards it's a fantasy movie I know it's
a fantasy movie like or not to think
about the entire franchise you're sure
you've brought this to my door jack I
did know it was brought
me by the Internet and I'm sharing it
with you because I have no one else
because you hate me because I have no
one else who will listen to me you're
forced to listen to me you're right here
and and I know it's entertaining for
everyone to watch you lose your shit
over Star Wars so that was more more so
rich that was a gift to our audience
you're welcome I thought I was gonna
talk about the new Star Wars movie not
the old one yeah we talked about that
one already not you know and I've only
seen it the once I've only seen oh no
I've seen Star Wars twice I've seen it
the twice now I've seen the Star Wars
the twice now I still likes it
jack is factually wrong Luke had a year
experience it's not a good buy for your
whole year
yes yes he he's with the rebellion for a
while I can't imagine he trained with
another Jedi Master for a year like you
know I got some pilot training sure
maybe some hand-to-hand combat training
Star Wars facts have you had training
cassettes do you think do you think the
the the Jedi books were like on tape he
was listening to tape and he was
listening to them while piloting the
x-wing then yeah that's possible that's
possible chapter 3 using the force and
that's how that's how I recorded these
in case I should ever die before I could
properly train you and that's how Luke
knew he could move the lightsaber and
Empire cuz no one ever taught him Luke
said to Mary Sue no one ever taught him
he could move stuff with his mind but he
just does it an empire and no one ever
taught him but he just does it rich how
does he know how to do that no one
taught it to him what a Mary Sue no wait
did he move stuff with his mind did
obi-wan ever move stuff with his mind I
don't think so I don't think so either
he violated people's free will right
right but did he ever move anything with
his mind
no Yoda did later remember Luke grabs
his lightsaber from the snow in the
beginning of empire yep
did he ever see that before I don't
think so actually
no before before he tried lifting his
work on Hoth look what's important yeah
is that Luke isn't a Mary Sue even
though he had just a slightly bit amount
of more of training than Rey who quite
clearly isn't Mary sure right Luke had a
whole 36 hours of training right and
will and all the boys on tape right
right remember if it didn't happen on
camera it cannot be suggested by a
storyteller there is a difference
between what people consider Star Wars
Canon and what happened in the movies if
if you're saying that people need to
read three novels a comic book and
excite l'épée dia of the universe in
order to understand the movie I'm gonna
call that a bad movie
ya see I think that's Manny the Vera
King makes many good points is he thinks
that the the novelization of the last
Jedi is really gonna flesh out the whole
Rose Finn love story I bet there were
chapters missing right so wait for the
novelization that'll just flash every
everything will make sense after that
let's go
is Jack talking about something he
doesn't like about the light here here's
the thing I like both Empire and the
last Jedi and I think that both of them
kind of have their flaws as all movies
do all of the Star Wars movies have some
flaws if you think about them for a
little bit but that's okay because
they're just fun movies and in in the
case of both movies you're their fantasy
movie so you're not really supposed to
be thinking hyper logically you're just
supposed to be enjoying the characters
and the situation that they're in it's
all fantasy it's all make-believe it's
all it's all magic and sorcery so if you
like the characters and the situations
that they're in that's the only thing
you're supposed to be worried about
no Star Wars no no work of fiction
should ever define you as a person and
if you find yourself passionately
and violently usually arguing with
someone over Star Wars you need to like
pause and just re-evaluate your life
it's it's fun you know like getting into
like nitpicky stuff in movies it's
supposed to be a fun thing that people
do like yeah that doesn't make any sense
that's really silly and in Star Wars
they got the Death Star they're right
and they're waiting to blow up a moon
but why not just blow up the planet that
would probably blow up the moon too
right why do they gotta get around the
planet that doesn't make no sense that's
a plot hole but you know what it doesn't
fucking matter because we're all just
excited about the battle all these
little things people all these little
things
I know I know you've said the I hate
everything videos aren't another
cinemasins but I'm very skeptical and
usually I forget to check into them
after the stream is over it sounds like
a channel that you know reflexively
hates everything because that's what
their name is so I have yet to lock on
to checking that channel out but I hear
you I hear you like that jimothy Robert
Deathstar
more like death Mary Sue star yeah that
stars America
what nipple bag I like to like a movie
you get out of town that's a fun little
movie nipple bags I said leg of movie
sucked
it was pretty alright tell you what I
think they nailed that
remember when you passionately argue
about a film the problem is me
well I'm hopefully entertaining people
that's part of what I'm doing here this
is part of the stick we'll talk about
movies oh the looters are back yeah
, bin says is it just me or have
trailers doubt and worse I think it's
just you I think it's just you I think
there's some really good trailers and
there's some not-so-good trailers and I
think that's always been the case
well his guard as long as I'm
entertaining people that's all that
matters as long as I'm entertaining
people all right
where are we
jay-ar our love grass is rich would you
and Mike consider doing some the
original series episode commentaries
both good and bad apps I asked because
old shows can be intimidating to younger
viewers and this might help get people
interested in Star Trek the original
series we'll see we usually we usually
don't do TV type commentaries but I know
it's not it's not been discussed before
tell you that how would that work
I guess it would work the same as any
commentary fair right yeah just like
start now yeah by nature they're shorter
though which might hurt time you get on
we usually go off on tangents though we
usually don't talk about what we're
watching it might actually be a terrible
idea
oh really just an excuse for you guys to
go on more tans
yeah and get more episodes out so that's
why more episodes out quicker so you
know it could be a good idea
all right well we got here valium
bloodshot who says I wish Marvel adapted
Garth penises Punisher max where he took
on real criminals the Mafia corrupted
military officials a human trafficking
ring employees of Enron it's bloody
twisted and glorious he typically takes
on real criminals right
I assume yeah I think when was the
Punisher created in the comics 75 75
originally a spider-man villain yeah
yeah I can see that I like to see them
the III think you're gonna have a
problem with the Punisher with
modern-day sensibilities Punisher if the
Punisher was created in the mid-70s you
are talking you know a height of you
know crime-ridden streets
you got you got New York being you know
filled with pimps oh yeah she wasn't
prostitutes this Deathwish time right
that's that's what the Punisher was born
out of yes this was a time when everyone
was just absolutely okay murdering
anyone who you know littered it should
almost be a period piece right right and
so just the very idea of a hero that
murder someone might not it doesn't it
doesn't mesh with modern sensibilities
which is why like in the Punisher series
in fact like that's one of the that's
one of the big things is like who he can
kill and why he's killing and his
internal struggle and that's kind of
what made the Punisher kind of mad is I
don't necessarily want to see the
internal struggle I want to see The
Punisher murder a bunch of people that's
his shtick yeah but yeah if you have a
show where he's the star you gotta put
you got to ride that no no it's fucking
fine you know you do you know you do you
introduce other characters yeah they
have some kind of story as new she's
going on and the Punisher is just the
the weird fuckin badass who gets
involved you do like a Mad Max type of
thing
sure there you go yeah yeah and then
whoever the villain is they have to be
the fucking worse the guest star for
that season or that episode who has an
arc throughout the season yeah teams up
with the Punisher or gets involved with
the Punisher who is just what he is
right I'm with you I think that's a fine
idea yeah
agree that that one guy wants Punisher
season two less backstory more violence
yes that's what I want under the
Punisher I agree I agree what I'm saying
is that's what I want out of the
Punisher but I can also see producers
being a little squeamish of making that
show okay okay what's your problem
I did yes that is absolutely no problem
right a black mark says that's why
daredevil worked so well or that's why a
Punisher works so well in daredevil
season two the story was about
Daredevils you know possible turn to the
dark side and the Punisher was already
there just doing his Punisher thing but
then we could you know we could moralize
with daredevil and the Punisher was just
there killing people I agree that is why
he worked so well in daredevil season
two until the end because my little mold
Stewart doing it that lady hey Jacko
there any shows on Netflix you'd
recommend off the top of your head
preferably stuff that's not too drama
based I don't necessarily know what
drama based means Stewart you dick oh I
have you seen dark it's kind of drama II
but it's it's a it's a good sci-fi
murder mystery something to watch on
Netflix recently
I'm gonna think well I'd like I want to
recommend broadchurch but that's pretty
drama based to broadchurch is a
detective show on Netflix oh there you
go
Kimmy Schmidt if you have not seen the
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt pure comedy
pure delight
that one's great
what did I think of it defenders oh I
thought that sucked
I thought defenders sucked major voice
as someone who is a fan of Daredevil and
Jessica Jones and who thought that Luke
Cage worked well in Jessica Jones and
was pretty just ambivalent towards his
name fucking iron fist defenders do
something so fucking aggressive trying
to give you oh you have to keep him
alive while he's beating you to death
well he's joined me now I punched him a
few times and convinced them I have a
safe space he can go to yeah where the
zombies are trying to give him some
vodka take your vodka Stewart yeah I did
not enjoy the defenders at all I think
the people were playing against
character and he just didn't make any
sense and I didn't care about the story
the story was picking up where like iron
fist left off and no one cared about
iron fist and Elektra was there and who
cares about Elektra god I hated Elektra
and daredevil season two she started out
as a super interesting character and a
girl of mystery and power and just ended
up to be the lamest fucking thing have
you finished heard of his now she's just
she ends up being the lamest thing yeah
oh my god she starts off so strong and
then the entire defenders is wrapped up
with her and the hand and mystical
magical bullshit
oh sure but misty night does get her arm
ripped off so in Luke Cage season -
we're gonna get robot armed misty night
which is awesome big dumb I'm being so
dumb I should drink it right now drink
it do it don't be dumb why you saving it
for later just be relatively safe in
here and there's food in here okay so
the only cool thing to come out of
defenders is we get robot armed misty
night in Luke Cage season two and misty
night as far as I'm concerned was the
highlight of Luke Cage she needs her own
show I want a detective show with misty
night being a sassy ass motherfucker
now we're getting another season of Luke
Cage maybe they'll do better second
season I was crazy disappointed with the
first season but oh my god
nerds yes horrible stockyards yeah they
won't join you unless there's a girl in
your group really yeah really
oh my god that's i rolling that is i
rolling bad yeah it is yeah it is they
won't come with you unless you have a
girl you don't get the misty night love
in in Luke Cage we we are asked to care
about Harlem and its inhabitants even
though our protagonist just moved there
a couple of weeks ago and only knows one
dude but here's misty night someone who
grew up in the area has ties to people
in the community she is the person who
gives us a reason to care about the city
that Luke Cage is protecting that Luke
Cage God why would he have anything
connecting him to the city she's also
just a working detective I loved her
detective vision thing where you know
she would like kind of ghost walk
through the crime scene and try to
figure stuff out I enjoyed detective
shows and so I dug her as a character
you guys not joined yet hurry the fuck
up Oh Brittany needed to bend over first
just show them the goods cookies
I thought Luke Cage was from Harlem he
was just moving back after prison no
Luke Cage is from the south
Luke Cage grew up with his brother in
the south and only moved to Harlem after
prison because he was a cop in the south
and the only no he only moved to Harlem
recently after his wife died after the
events of Jessica Jones does he move to
Harlem so he has no real reason to like
be there or care about the people
besides just that he's a good guy
well yeah the barber was his dead wife's
uncle or the barber was like a friend
like a good friend of his dead wife
that's how he knew the barber and so the
barber was the connection but we lose
the barber pretty early I think there's
a lot of structure problems I feel like
with Luke Cage I just don't understand
why he wanted to be a hero I didn't get
it
someone says I don't care about Oz
because Dorothy didn't grow up there
except for the whole point of us was
Dorothy was getting out of Oz to go home
so first of all burn sick obviously
second of all Oz was discovering Oz was
part of the wonderment of the movie and
we never have that with Harlem in Luke
Cage it could yeah well that was you
know that was the the bad guys thing is
harlem's Renaissance is like we're
trying to build up Harlem into you know
the new Harlem and that may or may not
coincide with some gangsters who want to
keep Harlem the way it is because that's
how they run the business in Luke Cage
so so we should have had some of those
Wizard of Oz type moments with Harlem
where Luke was discovering the city and
why the city was worth saving his is
Luca Mary Sue
Luke is a Mary Sue also can't be a Mary
Sue he's a guy Jessica Jones is a Mary
Sue no Lou God of course Lucas Mary Sue
he's like that's true she's super strong
and she didn't know her strength at all
she's Marie soon I said well so did Luke
Cage he it was an accident
yeah did he have five minutes of
training he had no training oh my god he
has no training whatsoever
what I think of the Marvel TV format
doesn't work better than a movie to give
you 13 episodes it can it has it has
works good it's getting late
once again I was watching recently I was
watching a thing recently a television
show that felt like it was exactly like
two episodes too long and I forget what
it was yeah Oh barely no god damn it but
I I know they like to stick to the 13
episode format but you know if you don't
got it you don't got it I wonder if
that's dictated by Netflix or or if
that's something that show's creators
choose but there was something I was
watching recently that was exactly like
an episode and a half too long
I just wanted it to be a little bit
shorter oh you can do it it's freezes on
be medicine up there
I believe you were talking about
stranger things - oh maybe that was it
stranger things season - just seem to be
a little bit too long
yeah cut out most of the first half yeah
yeah you could you could have depth you
definitely could have can really one
more tribe really wanted again yeah
that's a good point
stranger things season - you really
could have cut out two episodes of
content
you Philistines episode was great it was
great it cut the really fun episode yeah
get out of here get out here at that
shit
cut them play around with a salamander
for four episodes we're gonna find the
fella bandura right
ice board Zombrex
is that a showgirl
that's great yeah I love this I love the
Thord there's an easier thought I can
get so I'm not so worried about him
oh my god she's just sitting in there
puking yeah how fast would the Nerds
have joined you if you had her on your
team just as fast I didn't talk to the
right one enough or something that
slowed me down sure sure should still be
good yeah don't say doomsday she
apparently has been drinking a lot or is
she drunk maybe yeah
I believe she's had a bachelorette party
or something I don't know sure oh yeah
look she's drunk yo she's definitely
drunk no that's smaller on the floor
well yeah sure but that you know like
maybe you know she had some bad shrimp
we don't know she's too drunk to walk
yeah you're coming with me Kristen
you're gonna you're gonna raise the
morale in my safe house that's what
you're gonna do all right let's see here
where are we doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
g shops is hey guys thanks for streams I
can solve your Star Wars timeline crisis
1 it's an absolute crisis you're right
with three simple words I don't care
thank you keep up the good work great so
rare I hear common sense
I just you know I think it's important
that we establish a firm timeline and
our fantasy movies with Wizards really
important where are we
zu la Neos is rich yeah if you care to
explain as George Lucas why Luke is
better than ray no I don't care - that's
fine that's fine
das clown Stein says these people don't
even get the point of Empire the point
is that he's facing Vader without any
training but that means he never got the
training but he's the best Jedi ever
thank Fe that can't be I can't accept
that because I have to be mad at Rey I
have to be mad at Rey and this is why
I'm mad at Ray and if I met it ready for
this that means Luke obviously did
something different and so I because
because Luke is the best and I have to
be mad at Rey because that's what I
wrote on the internet you know das kann
sein that is a very good point if Luke
had had months of training it would make
the entire ending of Empire not make any
sense good on you dance clown Stein
that's why obi-wan and Yoda are
disappointed that he leaves for best Ben
it's almost it's almost as if all of
these internet people are just grasping
at straws but hey magnus loves Casey
says when oh um you know we were I was
talking about Star Wars for a while so
we're gonna hit some Star Wars right
when obi-wan tells Luke to trust the
force to hit the weak spot on the Death
Star
yes that's not the force that was the
books on tape he was listening to it's
all
tip of the year tip leer
Thank You Magnus loves case that was
perfect
chapter 17 guiding missiles with the
force Luke trust your instinct said I
training on tape he's had a year's worth
of training on tape yeah that's what we
were saying nipple bag Luke's the the
facts the whole purpose of Empire
Strikes Back is when when Luke faces
Vader he's woefully unprepared oh I know
and that's why that's why he loses ready
that's why he loses handily I hate you
and everyone you know it's true it's
true but you're part of that the people
I know so that means you hate you and I
know that's true
in any case in any case where were we we
were on social geometer social geometer
he says good evening gents
I am ohm what does I am oh yeah check
the factors I don't give a shit if Ray
is a Mary Sue she's the protagonist in a
fantasy series for children uh-huh he
can be the biggest motherfucking Mary
Sue in the world and I don't give a shit
I'm making fun of people who do
IMO is in my opinion okay thank you and
that's what I need to know where were we
good evening gents in my opinion many
superheroes would work better as period
pieces daredevil makes more sense if
Hell's Kitchen is a working-class Irish
neighborhood experiencing the late 60s
70s crime wave yeah does well I mean
technically that's just a lot of
street-level superheroes is the
Punishers backstory far better is
Vietnam fun the crazy war Jack the crazy
war right the the morally ambiguous
world yeah if you will yeah yeah I agree
I agree well he saw some horrible shit
and he wasn't quite the same afterwards
you know there is some stuff that bleeds
over just to war and post-traumatic
stress in general bond I agree I agree
and that's that's why I was saying there
are some things like The Punisher that
don't necessarily work with modern-day
sensibilities we are you know according
to available statistics crime has been
steadily dropping since the early 90s
it's not necessarily a pressing issue at
the moment is Iraq not crazy and morally
ambiguous it's a lot crazier if you're
an Iraqi if you're an American a lot of
it is pushing buttons from afar Vietnam
you're in the freaking jungles bad that
was probably some horrific shit yo and
remember Vietnam was also a larger scale
operations and these stories coming out
of Vietnam were a lot more horrifying
being in any war is terrible I'm not
saying if you're an American in the
iran-iraq you have it easy I'm not
saying that I'm saying Vietnam is
probably an order of magnitude were
insane well and speaking on morale
big Uwe T there were stories coming out
of Vietnam about what American soldiers
were doing to the people of the oh sure
that far exceeds the stories coming out
of any modern war where we have
different rule sets in different ways -
or um I'm just saying it fits better as
the backstory for someone like the
Punisher agreed agree this is why when
gar threw eNOS did Punisher max said
fucker the Punishers like in his fifties
he's a Vietnam vet he has to be a
Vietnam vet that's what works yeah
agreed
I'm with you oh yeah another good point
also Vietnam was had the draft people
were drafted into Vietnam people were
forced into war yeah unlike you know
modern skirmishes that we have talked
about cultural significance and what it
means to the culture Vietnam is the
crazy war yeah yeah I'm with you
the Iraq war that was the raw go troops
war not the Vietnam War
oh sure and I'm sure some awful shit
went down in Iraq
oh yeah sure of it but you know we're
talking and we're talking broad strokes
here people and I have to get her
motorcycle fight alright boss is fun
when you fight him on the motorcycle
yeah those people talk about how you can
choose him by getting when he gets stuck
into a great fuck that having the fight
proper it's a motorcycle fight you gotta
get some speed to RAM them yeah
Oh God but also he has chainsaws oh yeah
yeah oh you're the underdog that makes
it great Jackie didn't like the end of
punisher netflix where he's afraid now
that he doesn't have a war to fight no
no I overall I'm okay with Punisher
Netflix I actually liked that they were
kind of dealing with some of like his
character stuff and why he wants to kill
and is it just him or is it you know is
it the mission or is he always looking
for a new mission I get that I get that
I just thought there was there wasn't
the other part of the Punisher that I
like which is the violence it has some
good violence but not anywhere near what
we've already seen Jon Bernthal do as
The Punisher you know so I was a little
disappointed with that aspect of the
Punisher standalone series
can you you cannot you don't you can't
free look
I'm doing terrible I've done this fight
a lot better I'm sucking right you are
doing terrible The Punisher showed
didn't have a lot of violence i i'm sure
i'm trying to remember a memorable scene
allah-allah the jail house in daredevil
season 2 which i think is fantastically
violent scene or the torture scene with
the Punisher in daredevil season 2 that
was another great one I'm trying to
think of anything on that level in
daredevil and I'm not coming up with
them we're in Punisher
the first or second episode when he
kills four guys of the hammer it's
pretty awesome I you know what I just
don't remember that part of the binge
someone in chat was asking whether or
not daredevil season 2 is good I think
it starts off
it starts off incredibly strong it has
some great Punisher moments I think it
the final episode ends with a big old
thud in a way that's very disappointing
and it kind of Peaks
with five episodes left it kind of Peaks
mid season with some Punisher stuff and
then everyone's just twiddling their
thumbs for a couple episodes and that's
a little disappointing but overall I'd
say it's alright but it just it kind of
it leaves yanostamos Jack what was wrong
with baby drivers ending do you care
about baby driver kind of spoiled adding
a baby driver okay I'm gonna I want to
spoil the ending of baby driver so if
anyone doesn't want to hear that mute us
for the next I don't know four or five
minutes I'm gonna talk about baby driver
for a little bit
son of a bitch yeah you got to end him
faster so this isn't good yeah so in
baby driver baby is is the getaway
driver for a crew of criminals put
together by Kevin Spacey and Kevin
Spacey is typical criminal mastermind as
typical criminal mastermind were when
baby wants to get out of the
organization Kevin Spacey threatens the
people closest to baby
hey I know you're living with your
adopted father and he's you know he's
deaf and in and needs a care so man I
hope nothing bad happens to him hey I
know you're seeing this lady it'd be a
shame if anything ever happened to her
you know if you stopped driving for me
typical bad guy shit right then their
last heist the big heist goes sour at
the end of the movie shocking I know
and baby manages to get the money and
everything back to Kevin Spacey and in
some character turn that comes out of
fucking nowhere Kevin Spacey decides to
sacrifice himself to save baby and his
girlfriend out of fucking nowhere Kevin
Spacey's like I'll hold everyone up you
get out of here baby you go mega it's
like you've been threatening his family
and forcing him to be a criminal this
entire movie then I don't know where
overall I think that baby driver is very
good movie
I'm a little cynical about it because it
feels just like almost a YouTube editing
experiment more than a movie it's very
light story wise but every scene is
edited to a song and so it's
really cool it's wrong I didn't mean to
do that oh I've attached the guns to the
bike I meant to get on the bike that's
that I attached my guns to it I'm sure
oh but wanted I really wanted that guns
it's just bad
sure I get you but no I think baby
driver is a very good movie it just has
that super lame character turn at the
end and I also don't like how like the
end of the movie there's a courtroom
scene because baby gets busted at the
end I've warned people spoilers he gets
busted at the end but then in the
courtroom scene there's a montage of all
the people he was nice to like forever
who were all character witnesses oh baby
was a nice kid he was nice too he he
stole my car but he was so polite you
know so he gets time off for good
behavior and you know like so it's it
kind of its kind of a weak ending but
overall very cool movie very cool
it's taking time to do this though so I
still did bad oh sure
Titan Creed says Edgar Wright's movies
tend to be a bit too concept driven for
their endings from a characterization
takes a backseat to some big idea that
is a fair criticism you know they're
cool they're good-looking movies they're
cool movies and they have fun ideas but
yeah sometimes a little weak as far as
characters or story points that kind of
stuff but I'm okay
mall weasel yeah all that all the
courtroom scene made sense because like
he was quasi being forced to be a
getaway driver and yes he was overall a
good kid but it just felt kind of it
felt kind of a hokey for like a movie
all about the big heist in crime I don't
know a better way to end it but that's
how they ended it I probably would have
preferred him and the girl just taking
the cash and riding off into the sunset
yeah as criminals you know like we're
gonna start a new life baby and his girl
we got a car we got a bag full of cash
we're gonna start a new life that's
probably how I would have preferred the
ending button
anyway it's alright overall it's a baby
drivers a good movie it was a fun it's a
it's a fun movie is what it is it's very
light-hearted good tone Jamie Foxx
awesome Jamie Foxx gives a great
performance Jon Hamm is in it he's great
but I mean they're great and everything
so is that really a compliment in any
way this good this good actor who's
consistently good is good in the movie
so rectal I'm alive I think I think it's
hard to compare a movie like baby driver
to the last Jedi they're two very
different beasts
oh-hoo dad the bad guy the bit was the
beard guy well that didn't help that
didn't help
oh he was the announcer yeah yeah yeah
okay I didn't recognize him without his
big coat spoilers I I'm probably not
gonna play it so go ahead spoil the chap
mine spoilers your old game because it's
a casino heist zombies all around
there's no police that can come in there
free to just loot the casinos nice so
they let the zombies in yep blame the
blame this guy blame the schlub so I
could steal all the money in the casino
all right I'm down with that
every casino in the city Jack it's a
huge iced not just one casino and
beating them all because they run the
zombie game show they have access to all
the zombies oh that's good rich I like
it I dig it
that's some quality luck right there
release the Z bomb if you will yeah but
the Z bomb is just a truck full of
zombies yeah yeah
then where are they going to use the
money when society is collapses this is
the misconception with dead rising yeah
it is not a zombie apocalypse that's
that's actually kind of what you prevent
in the first game but there's there's
still occasional outbreaks here or there
so this is localized right this city is
being currently corn at quarantined by
the government they're surrounding it
right there containing it but the rest
the rest of the the country the rest of
the world is fine sure like it's like
influenza like everyone gets that shot
but every once in a while yes a big
outbreak happens in a city right Society
is obviously up and running enough to
say have a pharmaceutical company be
creating zombie medicine right yeah I've
I'm with you a dig at dig I suppose that
that is just a general like trope in
zombie movies if zombies are somewhere
they're everywhere right I can see where
someone would get the misconception
Lloyd beets I have not heard anything
about when the rlm website will be back
up rich soon I think
yeah yeah okay I know in fact I don't
know all you know which is that Jay said
on Twitter that they're they're
revamping update
nice yeah you know oh I just like I need
to get better I just like the fact that
you have to jump on the train with a
motorbike I think that's nice oh yeah
that's a neat little a neat little
scenario that they put you in something
which by the way I think you know a more
modern game would have just done in a
cutscene like a cool cutscene there and
then maybe you have to press X to jump
yeah in modern day games yes but here
they're like now let's like let you ride
a motorcycle you got to get on the track
I wish they would let me switch between
a mouse and a controller they do don't I
have just like one of the other and like
the options menu oh I would so be doing
these sections with mouse and keyboard
yeah yeah
yeah alright let's see what we got here
a social geometer says regarding period
superheroes consider a 1939 back regular
gangsters as villains less emphasis on
armor and gadgets more on martial arts
and stealth check out since you're
suggesting this who is this this is
social geometer check out it's a little
bit old right now Sandman mystery
theatre fuck yes that's this is what
you're talking about Sandman mystery
theatre is a great series of borders
yeah fuck yeah fantastic
I want no not Neil Gaiman's Sandman
right around the same time I think
they're both vertical books - yeah but
Sandman mystery theatre entirely
different spiritual ante stuff oh it's
great I want a movie or a TV show that's
Sandman mystery theatre just like
slightly a cultish stuff if they had a
Sandman mystery theatre CW show I'd
watch it
fuck yeah in a heartbeat
any anywhere I'd watch it in a heartbeat
it's just like classic hard-boiled
detective with a little hint of the
supernatural justa it's not even over
the top with with the action no this
whole gimmick is these Sandman he uses
knockout gas his only superpower is that
he has a gas mask that's in anything he
investigates crime yeah and it's not
about punching a bunch of people wow
it's so great he hunts down via cults
like you know like oh that this
devil-worshiping cult is murdering smell
Cho maybe I could never figure that how
and he just has gas he is knockout gas
that's it oh it's that those are some
good ass books I haven't read um have
you ever read Gotham by Gaslight I've
heard about it I didn't have it I think
it was a long time ago I don't remember
anything that happens in it because what
is that is that like 1800s bat
Jack the Ripper Edmund vs. Jack the
Ripper I've heard good things about that
doing sort of bad but not awful bad you
haven't died yet have you saved it
i well here's the all right this is well
this is part of the learning process
yeah Dead Rising 2 has a shitload of
hidden survivors like you don't get an
alert like so I'm on the security
monitor Jack they're over in the
shipyard you gotta go pick them up sure
there's a lot you just have to find them
I do not I'm not even anywhere close to
having them all memorized so for your no
death run you're not going for a hundred
percent perfect I would I would love to
have a 100 percent perfect run sure sure
but I'll settle for just not dying and
getting the main story okay I'll settle
for that all right I would loved it like
like Dead Rising one like that I would
love save everyone yeah that's the ideal
okay
Oh aye sir damn three cases guess who
Jack the Ripper was in Gotham by
Gaslight yeah I could like yeah of
course we know who Jack the Ripper is
you know the only Batman villain ever
used yeah we get it but I've heard good
things about the city the book I haven't
read it yet black panther it's coming
close i no get hype everyone
I've been see I don't know I don't know
if it's just because I've like been
watching because I watch like a lot of
you know superhero television shows but
I've just been seeing nothing but trail
you know promotional material for Black
Panther every single commercial vote
break is Black Panther and yes I've been
watching Black Lightning and so maybe
like they're just you know they're just
marketing to a strong they're just
marketing to a crowd who's already
watching a black superhero and so
they're like let's just promote our
black superhero getting slightly hyped
for Black Panther yes getting a
controller to work with this game on PC
is a hassle is it it's for games for
Windows Live not for Steam originally
and and this is why you don't trust like
downloadable services yeah online
net-net game nannies like Steam yeah
because you know game for Windows Live
was defunct and steam vents but the
controller support is just Blanco in
order to get my the Xbox one pro
controller that I splurged on to work I
I had to download like a old version of
this gamepad emulating software x360 CEO
so I had to track down an older version
of the controller emulation software
that was compatible but it seems it
seems to work natively with just the
regular wired 360 controller oh that's
good good I have heard that about black
cougar and that's that's the first
superhero that protects the children
that's right about the black cougar
i I think I might try to talk someone
here into doing a review of Blankman for
upcoming Black Panther there yeah for
you know in in honor of Black Panther to
talk about you know the first black
superhero movie that I remember growing
up which is Blankman a fucking great
movie that I personally love the crap
out of check I don't I don't have
anything inherent against controllers
I prefer controllers I mean I prefer
mouse and keyboard for anything that
requires aiming but there are plenty of
games I like using controllers for just
fine and if I'm going to use a
controller honestly the the Xbox pro
controller is really nice oh god it's so
great yeah
xbox pro controllers where it's at have
you even messed around with any of the
flippers those are those are family
really for certain games maybe I fucking
should fuck no a blank man be LAN cave
blank man is a damon wayans superhero
show about a DIY superhero he he builds
his own gadgets out of garbage and I
remember it being fantastic i walked i
watch the crap out of that yeah we can
probably do a blank man and meteor man
like double feature review racist
they're both individual movies Jack
prominent black superhero movies rich
nothing racist about it all I heard was
blank check review in a heartbeat in a
heartbeat
I know blank check front to back right I
could do that right now
without even having seen it in a decade
I can do a blank check review right
because I love it tone loke okay give it
up for tone Lok oh my god it's Chris
Hemsworth look at that guy long hair
it's cuz here buff body oh well I'm just
I'm just going off of looks Elrod and
Trixie Lin where were we how about Joe
kitty 0:01 anyone gets sick during the
flu epidemic no no I felt a little
guilty I did not get a flu shot this
year you're supposed to get one even if
you are healthy and not necessarily
around anyone who will get the food
because then you're you know you won't
spread it even if you don't get sick you
might spread the flu so I know you're
supposed to get a flu shot
this next part is going to be hard
alright
like I'm probably gonna die hard I give
it yes anything in general everyone has
advised to get a flu shot too for a
while
except for pathetic points out the term
of it which is herd immunity yeah you
got Wolverine claws are good no I'm
sorry alright where are we here lick my
love bit says The Simpsons failed when
they killed Ned's wife leaving Ned the
sympathetic single parent homers hatred
of him thusly becomes ugly jokes at the
expense of grieving spouses not so funny
true I can't argue with that
we did get some fine episodes though out
of like you know Ned looking for love in
all the wrong places they ever have Ned
get remarried you know there on season
58 now it's he's probably gotten
remarried several times
well they got married to the Vegas
ladies before Maude dying too because
you know her the the joke there was you
know while Homer was trying to get his
to run away Ned's just wanted to run
away she didn't want to be part of Mensa
when we got here I am a for 20 hours as
I just watched the last six spider-man
movies that's yeah there's two there are
six modern science by der man's movies
homecoming is the best yeah yeah I've
been saying that I'm echoing I'm echoing
man homecoming is the best spider-man
movie we have but I thought the amazing
movies were really very good no not sure
why people didn't like I'm curious what
you guys thought of them first ones just
blah and the second one she stuff all
around hot mess story-wise stylistically
character wise it's a hot mess but like
even even the first one starts you off
with a mystery of Peter Parker's parents
right like there's there's a conspiracy
about his parents but then they kind of
forget about that and then it turns into
a moody love story and then they kind of
forget about that and then the lizard
shows up and it's over the amazing
spider-man one is all over the place and
it it's the worst spider-man movie
because it's the absolute worst
portrayal of Peter Parker out of its
anon Amy Andrew Garfield was like a non
portrayal of Peter Parker fucking
mannequin yes but he was also super cool
well liked by everyone a skater guy a
photographer
he was just everything and nothing at
the same time
yeah yeah no I think it was just the
worst
this guy's decided we all need to join
this on base oh okay he's gonna try to
get that poor girl bit me
Oh
he's not wearing unbell appends pins
have like a red cross on them and they
say cure oh shit
oh my god you're leaving they have my
weapons for this point Oh Nick guitar is
a fairly fast swing which is what I need
for him ok that's alright my bats not
gonna cut it
I'm sure dr. arbitrary says hey I'm an
idiot who doesn't know how the whole tip
thing works can someone link to an
explanation or something dude this
should there's a button underneath this
video that says tip us you know give us
money if you want or don't whatever and
that should take you to a little forum
where it asks you for some like PayPal
information and you you decide there if
you want to tip us but the romance
aspect is good but the romance aspect
didn't do or really mean anything and
then we get that the point at the end of
amazing spider-man where Denis Leary is
like I know you spider-man and I'm cool
with it but I'm dying you can't date
Gwen because it'll put her in danger and
he's like ok I won't but then the very
next scene he's like maybe I'll date
Gwen I don't know like nothing it was a
movie where nothing meant anything
do you dear heavy attacks you slovers I
think you're gonna get one swing in fuck
you man ah why do I remember so much of
the amazing spider-man that's a good
question I saw it once in the movie
theater when it was in the movie theater
but a lot of its burned in because
that's how it works with me sometimes
and whoever's I don't know who's talking
about Marisa Tomei but I think she's a
great a me I think Marissa May is great
time burning time I gotta go I gotta go
get healing though man that fight not
going well for me I'm gonna say I see
then I see that about you and that fight
is there a better weapon for that fight
gonna guitar he's too quick okay
I've tried the bat trust me oh yeah I
know I'm just saying like in general
like can you grab a sword is there
something that'll do more damage really
sword the sword is really slow okay
basically I get two hits with a guitar
I've done it where I've gotten two hits
and gotten away where I can get one hit
with a sword movie I'd like a bowie
knife if I could try that but I don't so
is is what is is yeah I'm sorry
so much
you know it is like just in in the
spider-man in in all the different
spider-man's that we've had throughout
the years the the one thing that I have
universally always hated is old weak on
her deathbed Aunt May
I've never been a fan of that oh yeah
just the Aunt May that would faint and
have heart palpitations at the thought
of spider-man in general oh my stars
I've always hated that so I'm more than
okay with with young and together Aunt
May another thing I think they they very
smartly borrowed from the ultimate comic
books
oh Jesus Christ you can do it so much
time Jack Bruns I know as far as
infinity war I think rich is pretty well
checked out of Marvel movies at this
point I'm looking forward to infinity
war yeah okay that's fair then like I
kind of had had you pegged as Matt no no
I'm pretty warm looking forged okay i'm
i'm super hyped for infinity war a
gathering of anyone who is even cameoed
in any Marvel Marvel movie is going to
be in it all of them together just it's
going to be I feel I feel it's going to
be an Avengers type event shit's gonna
get real so I'm surprised
Black Panther is out next month I
believe
remember in the age of Ultron view
everyone seemed to not get agent yeah
age of Ultron was not necessarily an
event it was just it was just an
Avengers movie I still think Ultron is a
good Avengers movie but it was just an
Avengers movie unlike the first Avengers
which was an event that was everyone
coming together for the first time is
this gonna work oh my god this is a big
thing right all leading up to the epic
360 we're all working together as a team
shot and like they've been teasing
they've been teasing Ultron now since
Avengers fan oh you're right Ultron oh
yeah they've been teasing fan OHS since
Avengers he's been in little pieces of
movies for years now there's so much
built-up hype for him as a main bad guy
oh you were referring to nobody giving a
fuck about infinity war run run oh my
god that was for the course which shit I
suppose at the time my coming right out
of age of Ultron yeah I probably I
probably didn't give a shit about
infinity war yeah you have awful I have
to find a better way to do that fight
that almost took you
suck it Kurt Cobain that's I think he's
more Zack de la Rocha a la rage against
the machine guns if you use a projectile
weapon against him he actually goes
berserk on you what is that and like
like knocks you down and search climbs I
need to start stabbing at you okay kind
of keyboard did I use when I played in
bands I had a what was it called
Alexa micron god it's been a while in a
while I want to say it was an election
election micron but I don't know if I'm
confusing that with the Amazon digital
assistant Alexa
I probably am sorry if I'm triggering
people's echoes right
is this a real thing I've got nothing
with Alexa micron all right hold on let
me let me Google really quick and I'll
tell you exactly
I don't like so maybe uh what's a
keyboard company that's like Alexa it
was like rad gonna be something very
different alesis oh thank you space come
oh maybe that's it alesis oh I don't
know if it was análisis now what was it
hold on I can tell you I can tell you
give me one second here give me one
second I'm gonna find this out I'm gonna
find this out
I know how I can find this out you just
got to give me give me just a minute god
damn it give me a minute I can do it I
can find it
ah yeah okay that's what it was it was
análisis micron that was the keyboard I
used it had a ton of functionality I had
a lot of easy tweaking of tones and and
some and it was also like for for a
smaller keyboard it had full-size keys
and and that was really important I had
I first got an even smaller one I was
like a Moog or how to move a Korg it was
a Korg micro one but it had tiny tiny
keys and my big fat fingers didn't do
well with those so I got the alesis
micron because it has full-size keys
a poor micro maybe maybe that's what I
had a pork might know a Korg Kor G a
Korg micro I think that's what I all
right where are we where are we
casual horse says isn't it fun

[Part III]
casual horse says isn't it funny that
first Luke was supposed to not face
Vader because his training was not
complete and then the only thing missing
for him to complete his training was to
face Vader
wait what so what you need to be a Jedi
yeah you need about five minutes with
Yoda okay and then you need to face
Vader twice right that's all it takes
well but the first time you're gonna do
it wrong and then the second time you do
it right well I think wasn't the point
of that the whole point of like the
important point is it's totally okay for
loop to have five minutes of training
but completely unacceptable for a to
have five minutes of training agree
agree you're absolutely right
unacceptable and I'm with you I'm with
you rich I get you and I'm we I agree
completely I think the whole point of
that I know you're trying to make a like
a funny point but the reason that
obi-wan and Yoda didn't want him to face
Vader is because him becoming a Jedi was
him saying that he wouldn't fight Vader
that was the arc in The Return of the
Jedi his refusal to fight Vader at the
very end is what turns him into a true
Jedi all right whereas in Empire he went
to fight Vader and actually fought and
fought and fought right and that's what
they were worried about is that he would
fight and he'll out his anger overcome
him but then in Return of the Jedi when
he says I refused to fight my father and
fauna that's when he hits I will I would
love rich would love to see Luke's Jedi
training school where he imparts all
that knowledge he learned from Yoda over
the course of five minutes
okay has has everyone swung on
and done a flip over a log yeah you have
well shit then I got nothing have you
guys wait wait have you floated rocks
have you float over oh you have that's
all I got guys that's all I got I don't
know can I ride on your back again
riding on their back this is how I
learned it's the only way I know only
where I'm oh don't forget handstand
you're right jack runs everyone needs to
do a handstand while making r2d2 float
and now and then and then at the end you
have to refuse to fight and then you're
a Jedi
boom it's a four-year school first the
first semester like the first two days
in the first semester pretty intense but
yeah after that just whole lot partying
really yeah well we float a lot of stuff
we meditate the sauna is fantastic you
have to get in the sauna really cleans
your Chi I mean you know the whole
second year is all about lightsaber
building which is why kylos is all
messed up he never made it to the second
year once you get into shop class you
learn how to make your own lightsaber
that's when I could what was that what
are those gloves boxing gloves with
knives tape to them that's kind of
Awesome
everyone knows that the Skywalker Jedi
school that's a party Jedi school like
no you know no one really learns
anything there you need the piece of
paper right really you go there for the
friends you'll meet along the way
that's the connections I mean his
sister's a general he knows hunts solo
I'm rooming with Ben's solo it's gonna
be great
cries a lot but you know I like the
connections good character a horrible
villain
yeah yeah I think he'll be all right
he's an alright villain a cartoon
villain
it's just ours sure Darth Vader Darth
Vader's a giant black
robot man more intimidating sees a giant
black robot man as far as curtainless
less pathetic the the emperor is is an
elderly wizard in a giant black robe but
you can't look I'd rather watch Star
Trek Jack you can't get more cartoony
like you could put a twirly moustache on
the Emperor and then maybe he's more
Curt suppose they toyed with that
Where's George married with that yes
lord Vader put tie her up to the space
railroad track yes I'm sure they toyed
with like an evil goatee or fake
mustache
yeah there is no more cartoon of villain
than the Emperor he is he is pure cheese
which is great that's what it's a it's a
silly movie
you know I think Adam driver is a good
actor I agree I like Adam driver in
these movies I like the character of
kylo Ren I like what they're doing with
it all I dig it
I'm down I'm down problem is raisin
already fought Kyle Oh twice and won
technically she's only fought him once
and won yeah she didn't fight him and
fought together how did that end oh they
broke the lightsaber in half and it blew
DUP and then the whole ship blew die
yeah yeah so she didn't she didn't
really like they they did tug O'War
she's got one on him and I don't know
why everyone wants to just conveniently
ignore the fact that he was shot in the
kidney and bleeding profusely I guess
that's just irrelevant yeah yeah yeah
yeah like they might have exchanged some
elbows like some they might have done
some some grappling in in the last Jedi
but now there was no full-blown
fisticuffs
there's no kidneys in Star Wars rich
that's a human trait okay okay
kylo Ren was shot in his gleep glorp
which is very similar to the human
pancreas you don't really need it oh
look at this guy evil chef yeah nice is
he eating people that's too heavy
implications
I like it Adam driver is great I really
want to see I haven't seen um what's it
called what's what's the the redneck
Ocean's eleven what what does that movie
there's there's a movie with with Adam
driver and the guy who who was James
Bond in the new movies
Logan lucky okay Logan lucky thank you
thank you Chad Logan lucky I have not
seen Logan lucky again I hear it's very
good and he planned Adam drivers in it
he was great and Logan lucky how I like
I love I love Ocean's eleven so much and
another clever heist movie but this time
at a NASCAR type race that's just a foul
you know that is that's just fun right
why is the chef's insane I think that's
one of the weaker psychopath backstories
in this particular game I don't think
they really explained it if I had to
guess some big food critic was getting
into this restaurant on this day and I
think the fact that the zombie thing
prevented him from getting his four star
review shoes has driven him insane
because the food critic never showed up
to talk about the food critic yeah
thanks for the food is there some reason
I couldn't clip space railroad tracks
everything should be clippable I don't
know oh my god he just panned your ass
he just pumped GD you oh my god
nope Oh Ritchie's laying the smackdown
just laying the damn smackdown I think
that's a that's a good that's a good
boss Mechanicville someone who goes and
refills their help nice nice nice nice
go ratatouille on his ass
I don't even know how you would but I
like it too - ratatouille jump on his
head just start shaking at his hair and
then you you you use him like a
marionette when you're sitting at his
head and your makeup like duck his own
face into the deep fryer yeah I'm gonna
go Remy on your ass
I like it I like it
right let's see here valiant bloodshot
says when Jason Aaron finally killed
Frank Castle in the max universe it was
a perfect ending Frank died doing what
he loved killing people
Aaron stated that Frank did what he did
because he loved it I didn't know that
I'm not moving a foot until Jasper gets
here she saw you on the news as the
person who started this she won't go
with you
oh okay I need to find her friend before
she'll bunch because I'm okay with like
you and my friend I feel safer with a
friend I guess this time ratatouille is
not technically mind rape
it's a consensual relationship it's you
might be able symbiotic you might be
able to like convince someone it's BDSM
but it's consensual
I forget the kid's name but he wants it
oh I like that Ryan from Michigan Bon
Appetit motherfucker you're TK how much
time passed in between Empire and Jedi
though I was under the impression that
it took years for loose to come back to
rescue Han I get you know like in
between both like in between a new hope
and Empire and between Empire and Jedi I
assume yeah six months a year year maybe
yeah
months months to a year I would that's
what I would assume in between them some
shit has seemed to go down in between
the movies I know I was looking into
that and an empire han and Leia are
talking about adventures that have
happened in between like alright we ran
into that bounty hunter on that planet
who I was sketchy and and so yeah
there's been at least months at most a
year I'd say
Oh in this restaurant and obviously in
between I mean they're building a
fucking Death Star right so there has to
be years in between a new hope and
Return of the Jedi just cuz they're
building a whole fucking new thing how
long does it take to build a fully
aberration oh that's nice
bring in yeah okay Anonymous is hijack
enrich what video game movie will
probably suck the least Tomb Raider or
rampage with the rock
I think rampage in page it'll be fun at
least because you got monsters belong
shut up yeah
and say I anonymous says I think rampage
will be so terrible it will be
entertaining at least versus bland
looking Tomb Raider you got it anonymous
at very least we get giant monsters
fighting each other or buildings and the
rock is a charismatic actor who we like
seeing on screen so nice a tumor a derp
does look incredibly boring take a pan
they don't I'm doing
you did that Brandon fight slowed the
fuck out of me mm-hmm mm-hmm true blue
review says hey guys since the fire
watch thing have there been any story
based games since then that caught your
eye
I recommended night in the woods near
automata pyre and what remains of Edith
Lee I've heard very good things about
night in the woods
that's the really cartoony one you're
like a wolf or a dog yeah it's suppose
it's supposed to be lovely I might be
interested in playing that one I think I
actually own it I might have bought it
on sale on a whim and I don't I haven't
played it but I've heard really good
things about 9:00 the woods I've heard
I've heard the name what remains of
Edith Finch but I know nothing about it
you can dodge roll apparently I can I
just fun like that recently yes as you
level up you get more skills that you
didn't have before sure it'd be more
useful like there's that you're stopped
at the end of it for a while oh sure
sure
hey Jack really enjoying the dark on
that looks good
Godslayer yeah darks really good we've
got dark or whatever it's called very
good show sci-fi murder mystery
I'm almost hoping they don't make a
season two because first season was
really strong and I don't necessarily
want them like taking a whole season to
like explain the show I just kind of I
kind of like it how it is
some fun some fun time again just really
adding up lick my love bit says can I
have some cheesy one-liners for these
made-up movie deaths being run over by
an ice cream truck being impaled on deer
antlers being eaten to death by mice
okay you get run over by deer antlers
odo odo yeah I guess the thing is I
think that also requires a Simpsons
reference knowledge wait you know that's
fine getting run over by an ice cream
truck you're gonna have a heck of an ice
cream headache tomorrow oh I can't
rescue them because they're not spawning
because normally there'd be a rock
concert going here at 4:00 a.m. oh but
there's too many people running around
and you'd only have somebody spawn so
many survivors spawned in this world at
one time really Oh interesting Steve I
like the buck stops here for the deer
death it looks like them oh that's about
here that's a good one I like that that
was from the chat
what was the other one
eaten to death by mice
hickory dickory dock hickory dicory die
it's time to call the exterminator chill
out Cinda oh I accidentally hit her oh
she hit me back yeah that's fair that's
fair
fucking Cindy
oh my god mice to know you
Titan Creed that's great nice to know
you can't argue with that one yep Oh
rats they were rats not mice baby I'm
just I'm just you know we're spitballing
here
I understand see how they run
ok Dredd Dirk's says hey rich I just
wanted to clarify that Garth penises
Punisher was a Vietnam vet his family
was killed in 1976 I understand this and
it has been active for 30 years so he's
over 50 in the Punisher max I said I've
acknowledged this already
perhaps you tipped before rich
acknowledged that maybe but yeah and you
know that that also makes sense like in
the narrowed it like just old cranky old
man Punisher yeah I like them I think
that's fun
old old grandpa he's not updating with
the times but you know instead of just
slang saying slightly racist things
under this breath he's murdering
criminal
that's why Ray Stevenson is the best
Punisher I still need to see Punisher
war zones that is that Punisher from
Punisher war zone
I got a that's got to be higher on my
list of movies to see
talking about old vigilantes reminds me
of a history of violence that is a real
forgotten Jim that's it as a decent
movie you see that one with Viggo
Mortensen actually having decent little
movie based off of a comic book I think
or a graphic novel or one of those yeah
yeah who stuff you know what Gustav what
movie it's called a history of violence
with the Viggo Mortensen aka that guy
from Lord of the Rings
ah wait is history of violence
Cronenberg is that true
I'll have to do a short time to do it
jack yeah it is
oh that's great I didn't even you know
there just wasn't enough body horror in
it for me - no it was a Cronenberg film
so it's like a restraint it's a film
filled with the refrain challenging
yourself yeah okay so Vigo in this scene
you're gonna rip out your own rib cage
Vigo goes I don't know if that will work
for me my character that's a very
terrible Viggo Mortensen impression so I
have no idea if there's any hidden
survivors that I've missed okay but so
far you are on a no death run yeah I'm
gonna died sure right but do you what
you're hoping is that you cannot die and
save everyone run who's possible to say
perfect right one dude died oh that was
a story dad that wasn't available mm-hmm
there's a paramedic you save and when
you walk into the room he's and he's
trying to revive somebody that you get
you got a death alert like you do with
what I survive or dies but there's no
way there's no way to save it it's part
of them paramedics little thing got you
got you doctor arbitrary says it's not
too late to get a flu shot
Costco offers a four strain flu shot no
membership required
thank you doctor arbitrary I should I
should get a flu shot because everyone
should get a flu shot taco salad
Tuesday's says have you guys watched mr.
robot I have not rich have you seen mr.
robot no okay I'm sorry taco salad
Tuesday's I have not seen mr. robot
neither as rich I don't even know if I
care to see mr. robot oh my god five
people save yeah before 8:00 and what
time aw that yellow line yeah that's
what I'd like to get this done by oh
shit I'm gonna be cutting it real close
Oh cuz Katie needs some bags yeah oh my
god rich you are so fucked you are so
fucked man well I mean if she turns into
a zombie do you lose no okay well you
you you don't get to completely the main
story which seems weird I don't know why
her dying would change the main story
much but you can still keep playing the
game
okay do all these side missions sure
sure
oh you're in the red now man Katie needs
some backs Zombrex to save the prison
would be lesbians Oh
because she's a construction worker yeah
oh my god she absolutely won't leave a
friend her lady friend like this lady
friend oh come on Capcom feel a little
you saying a lesbian can't be a
construction worker and that's exactly
what I'm saying she's not thick she's
not you know she's not built like the
the stereotypical butch lesbian I know I
guess they're this downright progressive
Jack they're dealing with broad strokes
here and I get it I understand what's
happening and I'm not really mad or
disappointed okay lick my love it said
would Zombies be more scary if they were
also ravenously horny I've always said
the worst thing would be a rapes on me
you have in fact yeah said that before
yes that is something they have said
before yes I think I think the something
very frightening would be a zombie with
a boner yes no interest in eating you
right way right or maybe both which
would be worse
can you make it I possibly could
cutting it as short as conceivably
possible huh
question is what's the corner way to get
these two long anonymous says I know
rich has not read Savage Dragon in a
while long time but it is slowly turning
into a hentai ye in issue 2 to 8 Malcolm
dragon reaches climax and shoots his
girlfriend that's crossed with the power
of his ejaculate alright thank you for
your chip just a heads up worse the
seven alright like I said I haven't read
it in over a decade and Savage Dragon is
people in the chat are saying Erik
Larson has lost his mind
really that's a shame that's a shame
mmhmm yeah it's always fine to doing
bizarre things for the sake of him oh
there's fine - fuckin with his audience
sure it could be it could be a long time
let's see here dr. clown Stein says well
here's my last tip of the night I want
him to finish the stream but my family
wants to go see 12 strong or as I like
to call it fetishized patriotism fun
Star Wars convo see you Wednesday Thank
You dusk lemon Stein have fun watching
military pornography there's a ton of
those shows right now
SEAL team you know the best squad you
know all like military guys and they're
doing all the fighting a good fight now
can leave any man behind ya fight we're
gonna fight the bad guys yeah I've had
I've had better practice runs where I I
had those concert people I I was talking
about saved already at this point oh
sure that's that's disheartening I mean
you're about to lose you little girl man
no okay I'm gonna make it there in time
you're not worried I'm not worried about
that I'm gonna make that you're not
gonna save the other people are you
gonna subtract I'll still try but I'm
just I'm behind schedule right right
right
you you want to continuously be ahead of
the clock of course of course let's see
here gave four quarters says hey guys I
want to thank you for playing Super
Smash TVs Memorex years ago on the New
Year's Day stream that was not us that
was Jay I recorded it to VHS and got it
autographed when I met the I the guy the
only copy he ever signed cool that was
Jay's New Year's Day stream that was not
our stream Jay introduced but he
introduced me to those Memorex Vimeo
videos if you got if you got us some
spare time and want to want to get
tripped the fuck out head over to Vimeo
and search Memorex good stuff many times
as rich completed this game fully twice
as opposed to Dead Rising which I've
done countless times sure I played it
through the first time you know pretty
casually we restarted with my level up a
few times you know yeah and then the
second time I did not not not it wasn't
no death I you know you saves and
whatnot was I had a perfect run a second
time through it except for the tiger I
didn't know about the tiger at that
point oh then it wasn't a perfect run
near perfect near perfect run all right
which is why I didn't like this game as
much as one because it was too easy to
get to easy - yeah sure sure
like I wasn't I wasn't afraid to use the
quit and restart with your stats so I've
played that's a little bit misleading
only played it through twice you know
sure sure
but you've played chunks more yeah yeah
I'm with you
zephyr kills you cannot find a recording
of J stream in fact he he was a little
he was a little disheartened after his
last New Year stream because people were
taking chunks of it and uploading it for
later viewing and he didn't like that he
wanted the ID he the idea was we're just
gonna do this this one day and it won't
ever exist again but people were making
their own copies and that's actually
what caused him to stop doing the New
Year's Day stream that was a
fantastically bizarre New Year's Day
stream his last one because that was
right after that was right after the
Star Wars Christmas episode episode of
best of the worst and so J just started
playing the Ishtar trailer at different
speeds yeah for like an hour to end the
stream yeah you just played it slower
and she won't work it was an amazing
time it was an amazing time but yeah
then afterwards people would like hey
here's the full stream and and J didn't
like them
I'm glad I got to see if that was that
was a good time that was bizarre as hell
just early New Year's Day well we got
here the cringe inator says hey Jack
just just watched fateful findings we
need you to harness your inner Poe
Dameron to lead a pointless mutiny
against Mike and Jay and watch it on
best of the worst well I would leave my
if I if I were harnessing my inner Poe
Dameron I would lead my mutiny and then
immediately get quashed by betters okay
so that's already happened I've already
given it my all and I have absolutely no
control over anything we watch on best
of the worst and that's just something
you need to get used to something I need
to get used to Jay and Mike are already
used to it but
oh the bees are back well it's the same
cause
it's not a virus it's a parasite right
the parasitic wasp that's what makes the
zombies I remember which makes just as
much sense as a virus I mean really
there's nothing makes sense about a
watching corpse which is why George
Romero was smart enough not to explain
it at all there's there's a mysterious
substance and now people are walking the
mystery of her work actually but you
never really knew yeah
he's never left jack oh the bees never
left they've weaponized oh no the bees
were weaponized already that was the
that was the plot of one right oh okay
uh from this dumbass who says with the
Disney purchase of Fox and the
characters I'd most like to see is the
Silver Surfer be fun seeing surfers zip
around epic cosmic visuals with a queen
soundtrack princes of the universe
for the win yeah Disney Marvel could
find a way to do it that doesn't even
sound like a bad take on it just yeah I
mean now with with these success of
things like The Guardian guardians of
the galaxy and Thor Ragnarok that's
looking like a pop you know that's
opening doors for weirdo space stuff I
don't necessarily like weirdo space
stuff but let's get ultra trippy with it
just see what happens
and adding princes of the universe to
anything makes it better so that that
doesn't even count as a suggestion it's
just a great song
surfer could work with the gardens yeah
you could do a little cross level with
with the Guardians that could be you
know the surfer like zooming past the
guardians ship there could be like the
mid credit sequence what the hell was
that
right and then rocket says something
crass and everyone has a good laugh and
that's how we know the Silver Surfer is
gonna be the next movie so can anyone
with a guide tell me if I've missed a
hidden survivor that that you know
doesn't have an alert to let me know
they exist if I missed any yet or am I
still on track save everybody Oh My
Jesus yeah that's my oh yeah dynamite
arrow that is a very effective weapon so
do you have to clear out the crowd I
don't have to oh I thought like they
won't come with you because they're
playing to it all no they're gonna
finish actually if they finished on the
last note all the zombies explode yeah
but if I shoot them myself I get the
experience points godlike sailor yes I
am very much looking forward to the New
Mutants film I really like that actress
I forget her name who was in the vova CH
and splits
and it looks like they're doing neat
psycho horror stuff with power so is I'm
hoping they take some notes from Legion
which I think did that really well on a
Taylor on a Taylor joy
I always forget her name Anya Anya
Taylor joy I know New Mutants did get
pushed back what got pushed up in its
place was the other one New Mutants got
pushed back was a Deadpool that got
pushed up
Deadpool too Deadpool - yeah
Deadpool - got pushed up New Mutants got
pushed back Legion was the bee's knees
that's a great find Shelly Jenner
it's hard to imagine delaying a movie
ten months is ever more profitable than
releasing as is what's the what's the
valve motto what do they lose holding
onto it well they lose the revenue of it
they get that eventually when it comes
up they they lose what's the loss they
lose any sort of marketing that they've
already put into it you know hype
factors are is a real thing in marketing
terms you also lose money because
assuming you're you're delaying it
because it needs something else so you
have reshoots or more editing or more
special effects you're paying people to
continue to work on it right now valve
had a very famous quote about half-life
episode two which is a he's not valve
maybe it's Miyamoto like a broken game
released on time is always remembered as
a broken game
but a good game released a little late
is just remembered as a good game right
something it was something to that
effect maybe was Miyamoto I forget who's
who said it but the the it's it's the
same it's the same theory with a movie
like if a movie comes out bad they're
just going to remember it as a bad movie
but you delay it 10 months fix some
editing stuff maybe do a little reshoot
it's recolor dude just do something and
it comes out a little bit later they're
just gonna remember the good movie they
refuse to come with me unless I carry
their packages guys ladies not the
rocker looking guys right right the
shopping lady the shopping because women
be shopping yeah godlike sailor yeah I'm
okay with the runaways rich you probably
haven't watched the runaway no it's
alright it's alright I think they're
they're doing some really good stuff yes
the run the runaway the runaways is a
little light on action and I do like my
stuff a little more action heavy and
it's you know it's focused obviously
towards teenagers but I like the overall
theme of it the runaways on Hulu they
may be running away well it's you know
it's kind of the the over the overall
metaphor is just you know kind of the
the general teenager experience you're
no longer a kid but you're not quite a
grown-up and you have some
responsibilities of a grown-up but you
don't know how to handle them you know
they're doing all right with the FEMEN
it's not the greatest they have a
dinosaur pet that's great
let's see if Captain typic has the quote
which is a delayed game is eventually
good but a rushed game is forever bad by
Miyamoto and Titan Creed says Jack that
is true but there's also a misconception
that any film can be hold on any film
can be baked two qualities some films
and scripts can get overworked from too
much revision I work with writers and
there are points where they can tell
they just need to stop trying to improve
it because it's losing overall cohesion
that's also true that's true and and
sometimes all the time in the world
won't fix something but sometimes it
will that's the job of producers what
were they doing arguing I think is that
they're just they look like they were
playing patty-cake okay let's play
slappy hands yes I can't reply I was
very much reactive yeah no he's doing
something that's fine did that zombie
just throw up yes yeah
no in humans isn't even fun bad don't
waste your time on the Inhumans it's bad
it's bad and the acting is pretty
terrible but it is not even worth your
time as a bad viewer I have a sickness
apparently where I must watch every
superhero TV show and movie ever made I
don't know what it is about my
personality that compulsively makes me
watch these things but I have watched
all of the Inhumans and it is bad
anybody reading a guide tell me if I've
missed I have not seen anything okay
Slappy's coming up
things I need I'm waiting I'm waiting to
see if any for the coming day yeah
Slappy's a fun one I watched them all
there's there's no word on yet on
whether we're gonna have me or someone
binge all of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe everything before stuff you can
befriend a tiger yeah oh yeah we've
already before that was like eight hours
ago we'd befriended a tiger man I don't
think and no one has any information for
you okay okay yeah in humans has been
quietly canceled yes good it was bad
they knew it was bad before it came out
the director straight-up said I was
hired because I can make things cheaply
like I make bad cheap movies they hired
me because I can make this show cheap
I do do do-do-do dude ah Nico Colson's
hi rich hi jack
hope you are both having a good weekend
Jack where's the next place you'd like
to travel to that you've never been
before I'd like to get out of the
country again I always enjoyed going out
of the country i something on the old
bucket list is getting to Japan
I'd love to get to Japan and just hang
out for a few days because I think the
culture over there is something so
different from over here I'd love to go
there and see the sights I am traveling
again in the summer I have a I have a
wedding to go to on an island like two
hours away from Seattle Washington and
it looks like it's gonna be beautiful a
cousin of mine is getting married out
there so that'll be a fun trip I've got
to fly to Seattle rent a car and drive
it like an hour and a half north then
get on a ferry and like a two-hour ferry
and go to an island and then rent
another car by the way Jack yeah I'm the
secret oh what a night okay
I thought there was something different
in here oh maybe it's just not this
version okay nevermind
but I rather go to China India or Russia
probably India I would love to hang out
in India for a little bit yeah what was
in the other version dildos do do they
make a good weapon I never really played
around that's the correct answer but you
know any any of those countries China
Russia India I'd love to visit them all
I love travelling and I love seeing new
places I love going to new places so I'd
love to go to the mall gift I am NOT
giving the child a dildo okay
that is not gonna happen
any playthrough of this game I don't
have one I don't think it'll get you
many points I don't I don't care if it's
a super-secret achievement also if it is
a super-secret achievement that gets you
a ton of points angry letters will be
written to Capcom like come on
Jack can I host you if I go to China do
I need to be hosted but he got like
hotels I think they wanted you to give
the big stuffed animal to the child
that's why I grabbed the big butt do you
think I grabbed the big stuffed animal
for I'm just I'm just saying maybe the
chat wasn't being horrible creepers
maybe they were just saying give the toy
to child not the dildo well that's so
obvious why would you say that I don't
know I don't know
highly recommend Morocco I'd like to go
anywhere I want to go anywhere I love
traveling
ooh you know the other place up on up on
the old list is Australia Yeah right go
to New Zealand just visit some sheep I'm
just gonna go hang out with some sheep
visit uh who's the place that does all
the effects like weta workshop let's
talk to someone to tell you someone go
to wet a workshop was beautiful oh yeah
looks great I want to go to all the
places I want to go to all the places
you got a point Sullivan why was he
saying you spent less time out there and
more time with your daughter
you know also snap so I do that I do
gotta prove my innocence you know that's
kind of important you know it's gonna be
hard to spend time with your daughter in
jail put that out there and she's got
her PlayStation Vita it's okay she has
her handheld gaming system which is
clearly going to be a big hit and
everyone's gonna love
yes the game likes to focus on boobs
baba yaga llama says have you guys
played gravity rush combats not that
great but the way you float move makes
up for that rich have you played gravity
rush no I played about a half hour of
gravity rush and it was not my thing
I think it was like a free PlayStation
Plus game one month and I played it and
it was straight up not my thing
valiant blood shots as rich yeah rape
zombies exist let me guess it's Japanese
what's the guest number two
Garth eNOS
he wrote crossed a book called crossed a
virus breaks out and creates zombies
that rape murder torture sodomized yeah
you know sodomized and cut mmm eyes and
cannibalize innocent people it's
horrifying you know what I'm saying so
girth eNOS is crossed
you got your classic rape zombies
okay major mr. Meanor says so what would
be the one-liner for getting killed by a
horny zombie I've got a bone to pick
with you
well there you go that stiff was very
stiff that's not bad like that that
stiff stiff stiff
but what was that noise the sound of the
breaking Hellcat striker says Jack rich
I swear I've heard this whole stream
conversation before new years stream
autographs etc I don't remember giving
you money so here's five dollars to save
my sanity from deja vu a lot of times
rich and I talk about the same thing
what conversation I don't know this
whole stream conversation but rape
zombies we're we're going over some
classics he raped zombies star wars
superhero movies these are kind of the
hits
these are the classic jams you gotta
come on ahead planning ahead great I
need to do this by then gotcha
let's just how this game rolls man need
to do this by then DX Ritchie says since
Disney now has the full rights to Star
Wars with the purchase of Fox only owned
sequel and merch rights before do you or
will we see the D specialized editions
Shaq we haven't seen them already right
4k of the og trilogy they know they'll
make money you'll see it yeah they may
wait until the next movies is coming out
for the hype factor sure actually
oh yeah know though there'll be a mega
box said it's gonna cost me some time
I need to there'll be a mega box set
with the original trilogy and you know
knowing Disney and knowing how they love
money though they'll wait till the until
Episode nine is out right and then
they'll say they'll sell you the
complete Star Wars saga
sure Episode one through nine and that
will be the only place you can get the
theatrical cut of the original all three
they wait the opposite nine comes out
yeah they say they complete the
completed trilogy a complete but you
know one through nine yeah and then they
wait a year and then they sell the
special D special you know it you
fucking know it
so every every one on their shelf will
have that it cuz it'll be not like an
amazing case you like yeah a display
case and then they'll make you buy the D
special yeah yeah yeah yeah you're
probably right
stop giving them ideas they've done
they're doing it already
there's someone in a room with a
calculator right now just figuring out
when the exact date of release is no
we're not making Disney sound like an
evil corporation we're making them sound
like a corporation which also happens to
mean they're evil sorry jack
they're just making money man they're
just they're our corporation and their
only interest is making money I didn't
even realize I'm stepping on your line
you I'm in full Dead Rising mode you
were the line you were stepping on was
what I was gonna say I know I realize
that I realized that after I started
speaking and I'm sorry that's okay
that's okay you know the point was made
rich the point was made which is they
care about money they don't care about
you as a person they don't care about
cultivating you as
as a valued consumer you give them money
and they want your money
evil
you know that's shades of gray my friend
but yes somewhere in there
they're gonna find a really nice way to
give us the theatrical release of the
original Star Wars trilogy and
everybody's gonna buy it
maybe they'll I have something more
insidious rich yeah they're only
available on the Disney streaming
service and you have to sign up for the
Disney Store yeah but you can watch the
original uncut theatrical version of the
original Star Wars trilogy if you have
Disney's streaming service that's more
Disney calling to hire Jack in less than
three minutes oh and I'll go no paid
they'll pay me
they will that's uh but no I mean it's
it'll be a lot like CBS all access you
know they're they're holding on to the
good stuff they know people want to
watch the Star Trek so they put it on
their streaming service although I do
hear that you know they the the deal
with Jordan Peele to get a Twilight Zone
well they're giving it to Jordan Peele
okay which is exciting because he's a
good filmmaker
and rumor has it that it's also going to
CBS all access so that's that could be
nice
Disney streaming will have my attention
only if it includes ESPN ESPN isn't part
of the sale I know Disney already owns
ESPN no ESPN has its own streaming shit
well not just because of get out get
outs a good movie but have you ever
watched key and Peele they have some
incredibly cinematic sketches that's
that was their whole shtick watch any of
the comedy sketches on Key & Peele
they are they I have a filmic quality to
them whoops that man makes a good scene
all right anonymous says hey guys can't
think of anything interesting to ask but
hope your 2018 is going alright are LM
really spoiled us with all the non-stop
content this past month a good winter to
be a fan it's over now
welcome to the dry spell motherfucker
hope you enjoy the weather lasted a
prick
you filthy prick ah that's fine
everything's fine fine so far so good
2018 I guess no complaints
anonymous says hello guys excited for
vanam
not one little bit honestly not even I'm
not even a microscopic a little bit I
know so little about it I don't care one
of other than visually one of
spider-man's least interesting villains
well there are they're bringing like the
symbiote squad to this or it's gonna
have carnage and it's gonna yeah it's
it's you who knows I'm no I have no
height for the venom movie yeah you got
Tom Hardy who's a good actor but yeah
good actor reading shit lines and still
someone reading shit lines
stop it supposedly the homecoming movies
are part of the spider-verse but the
Sony spin-offs are not technically part
of the MCU confusing yes yes it's gonna
get a little confusing
look you've won chatted them control aim
with that aim with that controller man I
know it's the worst I can see the
struggle on the screen I just point at
the thing like I should be able to like
any any human being should be able to
there is mouse support for the game but
you hate you cannot go back and forth
you have to choose I don't spend that
much time shooting at things honestly
most of the things I do on this game a
controller is more comfortable so I deal
with it yeah
you cannot hot-swap back and forth
between controller and mouse and
keyboard you're gonna drill that drill
and drill the drill nice you did it rich
you did it
is this the steam version yeah but you
said really this is just a port from the
games for Windows this is what I was
originally on yeah I think playing this
at all for a while was a hassle because
of that yeah yeah games for Windows Live
will you be in a stopping point any time
what do you mean I think I'm ready
you're ready to go I think so okay let
me I'm running on fumes give me about 30
minutes I want to finish this case I'm
on now but I also want to get to slappy
because Slappy's fun is that okay you
can start reading names now I'm fine
with that
I'll just start reading names I don't
think I can actually do to do so what I
gotta go do this and I'm gonna do this
and then I get that
nice yeah well I'll start reading names
connected is it switched for five I
think we've only been streaming for four
hours we started at a little before six
so five six yeah we we've been streaming
for for four hours yeah run enough
I'm not running on farts I'm running on
fumes I had got very little sleep last
night because of the immense horrible or
the horrible situation that happened
yesterday just drinking craft beer all
day and and eating some of the most
delicious cheese's that a man will come
across a rough rough day and I hate to
take away left4dead time or a dead
rising time how long have I been playing
what time we start we start early - shit
you've been playing for four hours it
doesn't feel like it at all right it
does not feel like it at all but they
can tell that's how I feel about Dead
Rising yeah no we've been going for four
hours and by the way you're having a
decent run here I am I am a few close
o'clock Oh a few close calls but
ultimately a decent take these last guys
out no do it with style and then we're
gonna go to slap it
don't forget then we could be done yeah
that's fine motorcycle bike
the Colson guys the motorcycle quite
alright you get my chainsaws in the
motorcycle bike because of course
that's great that's great and um I know
that's wrong what you know I don't think
what you can call me especially so
oh I missed that one right through drop
hey grenades they threw one blow up this
Vanda in this particular mission sure
sure easier if I had a grenade let's see
here
where where where okay oh subscribers
I'll start thinking about yeah it feels
like man I like atomic mousetrap for 16
months in a row says I won't be here to
read this so here's a message for the me
watching this on YouTube
you're an idiot mouse trap mr. John
David Smith honeybee 2 0 to 3 flying dog
77 fuck my lead or possibly suck my lead
because it's it's the letter v so it
could be 5 up you know fuck or it could
look like an S and B suck probably suck
I know it could be either mr. L offense
for 16 months in a row Brown Adam
Sandler for 13 months in a row who says
love you guys and the content rich Evans
yes is a national treasure
yes and I guess Jack you're okay too lol
fm see hey this Biddy needs to settle
down
where we at where we at rhythm gardener
says hey rich did you ever get to play
the XCOM retro game
xena nuts I never did I should PS keep
on being awesome guys do be sandwich
says another month another job lost but
I'll keep coming here for an occasional
laugh one way or another we'll have our
way take care of yourselves no extra
filler sorry
if you lost another job do be sandwich
or if that was a quote from something
I'm not sure if feminine for twenty
three fucking months in a row
Justin Harmon for 44 motherfucking
months in a row shop and the shop for 15
months in a row ima 420 are says ooh ooh
ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang i
went to the witch doctor and this is
what he said
why did he go to the widget actor
because some lady broke his heart and
that usually what it is right and some
lady don't want to date me so I went to
the witch doctor gave me a little pill
he said have her drink it down
but don't tell me the details so I have
plausible deniability Hui Bingbing where
were we we were at gents Roberto who
says thanks for the stream guys always
great hey rich can you do me a favor can
you yell why is everything on fucking
fire
why is everything on fucking fire Shan
that make your life worth it
apparently it did that was that's all I
wanted for 28 fucking months in a row
says I don't have a jacket or daughter I
must be so unrelatable to modern video
game players like who even are you as a
person you need to have a cool jacket
and or a daughter I don't hate this
character but he's so lazily conceived
and I think that's a fair way to put it
robble Duff mr. K P H la p dog one
discipline daddy starbase one knowledge
junkie man tequila's for 16 months in a
row well um 16 months would you look at
that just look at that alright hold on
for a bit slappy
you're just that's right you started the
outbreak nobody it wasn't me
he's on rollerskates this is beautiful
just wait for it
gasoline into a water pistol
congratulations Capcom you're doing it
no just you know a poor sad person
screaming and crying in a mascot mask
that's smiling like that is beautiful i
stunned him and I got hit by a zombie
open I didn't mean to throw that I need
oh no I just read you some of my health
an accident
Oh nope nope nope
who
you know I can we're just not doing it
very good
at all look does that give you more
health
for those who didn't hear he just said
I'm a little teapot I wanted to end the
stream with that well playing oh my god
we were gonna go on a date tonight
that's beautiful that's some death to
smoochy shit right there
fucking bunch and now you can make a
flamethrower that's great let's see what
we got here we got a new rug Ben who
says nothing witty for my seventh
consecutive month of remembering to
manually recent ride with magical free
Amazon money
thanks guys Thank You Nurik Ben voodoo
mama gonzo Harald fairhair for 16 months
in a row who's his hi guys we watched
this show gee Tabuchi best of the worst
and found out his theater had a fire in
2017 and closed down but his website
says it will reopen in 2018
Oh show G CK nephal says go hacks tiny
dwarf who says I'm just looking for my
tiny
they're from a giant dwarf partner I
can't help you they're looking for a
giant or by the way there's this one of
the in-game dildos by the way massage no
that's a massager
totally different
oh and it's in the tanning bed yeah yeah
Lynette making it work girl making it
work all right what do we got here we
got Magnus PU for 3600 look it didn't
even leave for 36 motherfucking months
in a row Magnus PU whoa
and Magnus Pugh says three fucking years
thanks for all the entertainment guys
here's to three more firmer Phipps
Darkwing schmuck says since you guys
have seemed to understandably softened
on the Phoenix of Rights due to its
linear story driven game play I thought
I suggest the creator's other
lesser-known but arguably even better
Ghost Trick phantom detective it's more
game II got the phantom detective okay
yeah well check it out Dan the Sacher oh
every Ossa who says eight months I
turned eight on eight 888 oh my god
scenery yourselves recipients of my
eights luck there you go what is she
doing
I'm just she's leaning over him she's
sunburned she was in the tanning bed for
like two days
Oh some insanely long time okay so she's
extremely sunburned she probably has all
kinds of horrible cancer but because I
just you know like didn't any was she
going to the bathroom like what
she doing rim zeeshan riot crew 443
motherfucking months in a row this is
good lord that's a lot of months that is
that's top ramens 435 fucking months in
a row who says why is the rlm website
down being worked on J's working up a
backup don't worry about it don't worry
about everything is fine she's working
on it
top men top men dr. arbitrary Owen
Thunder guns who says Jack any update on
the bail voiceover batman the animated
series episode no I haven't worked on it
I should work on it I think actually you
know my problem was I oh but I figured
out a way around that yeah I couldn't
get it I couldn't get a clean rip and
even when I even when I took your
digital copy yeah it didn't it didn't
transfer right would you want my disc my
DVD I have the DVD but then my I use
handbrake to rip dvds for footage
necessary for educational purposes and
it wasn't working for some reason but I
got a new one because I was ripping
other things okay you know what I'm
officially on it officially on it uh
rock slow cue Knights Manny the Vera
King who says Jay might like a weird
surreal Incheon game called hilux nope
Jay doesn't play games he's just he just
doesn't I'm sorry Maximilian dude rune B
for 20 fucking months in a row valiant
blood shot here in XP Oh
Douce who says hey everyone I rarely get
to watch these streams live but here I
am or but I am here now I get it
Cana kawase you have a lot war on God
for 14 months in a row hartree-fock ER
for 16 months in a row Bocking barrel
Rin lung
Fresno Bob for 16 months in a row great
artist
Neil Breen yeah yeah yeah
quality pixel WT cross pers William
Thomas ed 'land says I just clicked a
button that was free for me so read this
I think you should remake angels with
filthy souls the home alone gangster
movie okay with rich as the keep the
change you filthy animals animals keep
the change of the animals lol one two my
10 midnight hero four twenty six fuckin
months in a row usury named for 39
motherfucking months in a row who says
everyone else in Minnesota was watching
the game tonight the sports game there
were sports games after taking a peek at
the final score I'm happy for choosing
this my condolences it was a total
massacre very sorry username do Dean and
such set cheer mo 87 and let's see if
anyone else did it
let's scroll down to the bottom tell me
if you could yeah yes trick astir who
says hey guys trike stirrer
maybe trike stir fleet would Zachary who
says seems good
Gino suave for 13 months in a row who
says too late for a shout-out but that's
ok thanks for this dreams we got Gino
suave we got you give us moon for 29
fucking months in a row and Trevor would
kinda thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
you just barge in at the last minute
there to get to thank you
