Jan 7, 2018
Getting Over It with Bennett Foddy, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/216539652
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/216541941
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/216543454
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7qBCYL_NEE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GH1S1q4GxLI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW3Qfi-KbVA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/950114674971959299
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/950127842624528385

[Part I]
expecting don't worry rich this isn't
puffed G everything's fine everything's
fine this is not pub G everything's fine
okay as it turns out in order to play
pub G there was a fairly meaty update as
it wasn't like an hour-long update there
was a 13 gigabyte update that we have
not updated because we haven't been
playing right and there's 25 or so
minutes left on the update yeah I am
just going to kill some time playing
getting over it everything is fine there
is no need to freak out no you no need
to freak the fuck out
fuck you jack fuck you
Gavin I don't know if it's always there
but they've added like water splooshing
out of the bucket that you're in god yep
hey everybody welcome welcome welcome to
the stream we're here we're downloading
the pub G updates let me just say this
about player unknowns battleground and
in general rich my problem with early
access yeah so you know it's officially
out now yes pub G it is now like
officially released they have added some
stuff that I thought would be beneficial
to the game since we played it like a
kill cam I actually a whole recording
feature where you can you can record the
whole gameplay and you know see what
your enemy was doing the whole time it's
actually a forei hints then starting
over media before it was jus or if you
left your wallet and a whole new map but
actually knew her
I really enjoy I've been to join the
desert map played something oh I've been
playing like like a proper addict rich
back in came back I came back oh my god
I thought you're not ready for that but
you've already had a bad day here's the
thing I think like my review of poverty
very different now
I'll be here right the there's still a
lot of BS deaths okay but that
frustration of not knowing why you died
is gone okay alright but what I've
discovered is the majority of my
yesterday which I used to attribute to
the person I was just in a firefight I
was like oh they must have got me up on
me even it was actually just a third
person okay very far away watching
watching us fight and picking us both up
design it takes away that's frustration
of not knowing how yeah right he games a
rough assemblages of found object and
and so I do find myself in the army as
frustrated and they're after roughly me
to gain much discovering the new medals
the joy is building them then is
polished products nice rhythm thank you
nice rhythm in a certain way if you can
find a good sniper if you can find a
nice first of all rich you are
properties to give the game its flavor
no amount of forward progress is gap
it's absolutely a sniper's paradise and
yeah if you can get like the good scope
and a decent sniper rifle and danger of
falling in
find some there's a situation in which
you have six epic Ames's you're standing
next to this dead tree that blocks the
way to the entire rest of the game it
might take you an hour to get fed rich
they want us to turn off the narration
okay can you take the voiceover volume
and manners and lower that all the way
okay and then hit apply and resume great
thank you give me that Forex scope and
an m4 and I'm all good
yeah yeah there's there's a lot of fun
to be had but but I guess that the point
of my my story here is again the problem
with early access all the way so I I
just think I would have come come across
a little more decidedly positive on pub
G then then we ended up coming across
we so just something to think about when
we think about error
what's her I don't know
welcome German play our favorite German
brothers welcome everyone welcome
everyone to everything we're downloading
the update for pub G I'm gonna play a
little bits just to warm up then we'll
play with the chat we'll see if we can
get that chicken dinner see if we get a
chicken dinner on stream I still have
yet to have a chicken dinner you
technically did Jack no I didn't order
the fucking team that counts I did not
contribute at all I hold myself to a
high station your valuable distraction I
was a Touche Touche I'd like I'd like a
chicken dinner in which I'm not a
complete embarrassment how about that
okay how about that a solo chicken
dinner would be even better or if I'm
part of a squad you know maybe I shoot
someone you feel like you shot somebody
who was already down Jack
I did I did shoot so I was already down
who was my teammate right it was a nice
shoot my god I had it I had it now I
lost it oh very sorry that's a good
description of Jack a valuable
distraction I will take it I will
absolutely take
future future J thank you for the tip we
appreciate it I play a pub G clone type
game on the iPad it's basically
impossible you should try it no I'm good
I'm good I really like the desert map
but the desert map is is interesting
because because there's no grass to hide
in it makes it makes the matches a lot
faster there's only like one or two
grassy areas and the whole map yeah and
the rest is just rocks and so there's
almost no place to hide you can't do
that
bs thing where you just lay down and
grass and no one sees you and it's it's
really neat looking almost almost
post-apocalyptic looking all the way
down
played on Android it was pretty shit
what played about this I don't know if
this is on Android I got the puppy thing
oh the pub gee cone sure I still I still
play this little every once in a while
on my iPhone it's a fantastic little
time killer I took a look at they are
billions I don't think that is a game
I'm going to play the new the new zombie
early access game strategies yeah
zombies right how much do I need to tip
to keep you from playing pub gee I'm
sorry crippling diabetes that's the plan
for tonight's but you know it's just
gonna be me playing so you know you just
talked to rich rich I'll have some
interesting things to talk about
well maybe we got we got things we can
talk about you got things and stuff talk
about did we end up last room talking
about baby driver at all have you seen
baby driver you haven't
nope wrong direction this game is called
getting over it with Bennet Fadi Bennet
Fadi the creator of co-op and it's a
strangely addicting game dr. smoke trees
we might play pub G on Wednesday
Wednesday I might bring my PC and we
might do a little me enriched play we'll
see we'll see how tonight goes I've been
I've been into it again I've been
getting into it again if you get a solo
winner winner chicken dinner are you
just never playing again was I just
gonna be hit maybe by the way I like
it's like I've done it I've mastered the
game it'll be another one of those
things where they'll come out with a new
map or a new town or something uh yeah
check it out for a little bit again as
long as they keep updating it what you
talking about baby driver a little bit I
I enjoyed baby driver baby driver is a
very good movie but it has a very bad
ending over like overall it's a very
good movie it's style and it's and it's
classy as fuck it's stylish and classy
fuck the ending bothered me for many
many reasons I won't go into super
spoilers even though I think it's an old
movie though or you know it's older but
basically as someone who is a producer
and an editor I was more distracted
because the entire movie is basically an
editing exercise it was just Edgar
Wright saying can I make scene after
scene that that is essentially a music
video and cobble it together into a
movie you can't do that what
answering you oh sure yeah you can you
can you can you can do then but and it's
and it's very good and you know there's
they have these elongated scenes that
are that are basically musicals that
just played to a song and then you know
like they edit on the beats things
happen in the scene that mirror was
happening in a song and it's just a very
interesting it almost felt like a video
you would see on YouTube of like hey I
took a song and I edited this scene from
guardians of the galaxy to this song but
it's a whole movie of that and so it's
very stylish and it's very cool
that being said story wise it's a little
lame and it's a little weak especially
the ending for anyone who's seen it a
certain character has a certain turn
that doesn't make any sense but it's
very stylish and it's very pretty and
it's fun overall it's very fun overall
so I'm glad I got to see it as I do
I do enjoy Edgar Wright overall I'm
talking about baby driver baby driver
some fun it you know it was just nice to
see John Baron Thal do more stuff he's a
he's a good actor the guy who plays The
Punisher yeah he's in it for a bit jon
Hamm's in it for a bit and say what you
will about Jamie Foxx I think he's a
good actor I think he's a good and
charismatic actor
there we fucking go
John Moylan no I have not seen the
Tarkovsky film mirror he did it he got
up there rich yeah Jamie Foxx was
terrifying in baby driver he's he's he's
a good actor
I think Jamie Foxx is a good actor I was
great but man he was annoying yeah but
that was kind of his character so yeah
turbo Dangerfield a certain character
who's had some personal problems has a
bad turn at the end a turn that doesn't
make any sense
but overall a very good movie and I'm
glad I got to see it there you know you
your list of movies that you need to see
and get so high that just crossing one
off crossing one off is really great
I don't think so rich have you seen the
new blade really nice
rattle rattle buzz we are downloading
the update for pub G and plan on playing
it as soon as it's downloaded but it's
not downloaded yet so rich thought he
would give getting over it a try and we
got this so we we will be playing pub G
in just a moment but we have to wait we
got ways you have to go I can see the
bar yep dad I don't want to go again
because that one no I Kevin Spacey is in
baby driver Oh which is problematic for
some people you know that's your choice
that is that's absolutely your choice
yeah we're gonna watch Ferris Bueller's
Day Off again not here we're gonna watch
Star Trek the motion picture again
you're gonna ever watch Beetlejuice
again that's your choice your choice you
you have to choose how much their
personal life is going to affect your
enjoyment I know I are you ever gonna
watch The Naked Gun again right or if
you watch any of those movies is that
going to skew your enjoyment of it right
maybe maybe agreed I'm with you I'm with
you it's it's hard to watch Woody Allen
films for me at least who's a problem
Star Trek the motion picture the seventh
heaven guy Decker
yeah what did he get called with
something bad right yeah something bad
whoa whoa
people still love Seinfeld
what did Seinfeld do Kramer is a little
controversial but no one here is bad no
oh yeah that was that was just that was
ugly
what ugly and a bad attempt at being
funny that was just like him being a bad
comedian that yeah that's why do I feel
exhausted just playing yes yes I feel
exhausted that's that's fair it is it's
it's a very it's a very draining game
very interesting I like it how do you
imagine the Oscars are gonna go this
year I don't give a fuck about awards
for movies I'm so out of touch with
everything and every with everything I
just don't I I haven't seen a half of
the nominated movies so I don't know I
just don't know
let's see here d f you forever says
finally catching a live stream after
working my way through the massive
prereq backlog my god
thanks for the fantastic entertainment
guys keep on keeping on thank you Deana
we're here we're here you made it
through the backlog congratulations
I need to I need to tell the chat
something yeah I'm gonna get this out of
the way before like I get distracted Pub
Jean I've seen the room oh yeah you
started telling me about this I dare you
to hold it for the stream as I've stated
before I had never seen the room because
everyone who I knew who was into bad
movies had already seen it and so I
couldn't find someone to watch it with
me and I didn't want to go to like the
theater I didn't want to see it in the
theater experience because you know they
all have the bits that they know and I
just wouldn't get the enjoyment from it
but over the holiday season yeah
oh rich your clothes your clothes man oh
no over the holiday seasons I met up
with some friends who I see occasionally
and and I was we were talking about the
disaster art oh no oh no oh no we're
talking about the disaster artist and
how I hadn't seen the room yet and as it
turns out a couple of these friends have
also not seen the room and so we just go
nuts oh did you hit the middle button I
might have hit the button for them oh
god oh god oh
so I finally saw it I saw just last
night the room for the first time with a
group of people who had not seen it
before and you know they're all they're
all my friends from way back in the day
so I know them and they're they like bad
movies and what a joyous experience
first of all how come no one told me
there's like four hardcore elongated sex
scenes before the movie even gets
started you want to tell you everything
about the movie well I just thought that
would be something I would know I
figured I knew a lot about the movie
just through Shiraz Moses uh-huh but
there there is just like a hardcore
fucking yep like right away the movie
starts and a little boy says can i watch
you guys fuck like that's how the movie
starts I know it's crazy man that little
boy is older than a lot of the other
cast members right no Denny what kind of
money huh what kind of money what kind
of money I said Oh Denny yeah so the
drug dealer yes I'm still listen I've
only seen it once I'm not up on all of
the catchphrases yeah I'm not upon all
the catchphrases yet what I can tell you
is that Johnny and Mark are best friends
they are best friends and everyone loves
each other or doesn't love each other
anymore and the movie was written by a
six-year-old that feels that way I love
you you're my everything I don't love
you anymore I love Mark now because he
shared his crayons with me it's
beautiful it's a beautiful movie it's
beautiful and fantastic and now I'm
really excited to read the book and see
the movie and get all up into it I'm
like a decade behind everyone else but
I'm really excited to get deep into the
room
Arius no my favorite character was I
think his name was Michael psychiatrist
not to say oh he's great
no the guy who was eating chocolate off
of Lisa's best friend the underwears the
underwears guy he was trying god bless
his heart he was really trying was he
trying or was he just having fun both if
he was just having fun he's pretty
natural at it but like you could tell he
was a decent actor
unfortunately he went on to do
absolutely nothing but he out of
everyone in that movie he was the only
decent actor I know it was called me
under where's a decent actor he was he
had made good facial expressions he was
he was retelling the underwear he was
retelling the underwear story to to
Johnny and it was convincing yeah him
and the drug dealer the drug dealer
whose name was our Chris our Chris our I
was thinking sorry because that makes
more sense for a drug dealer of course
no Chris are worth we're the only decent
actors in the movie but what a fantastic
movie but here's here's where it gets
here's where it gets complicated rich
yeah so we got done watching the room
and and every everybody were just
feeling the joy of bad movie night and I
say hey guys have you heard of this cat
called Neil Breen oh and I showed them
the trailer for DoubleDown right and of
course they start flipping out I don't
have a copy of DoubleDown at home oh no
right and so we started looking like how
do we stream this how do we go we can't
and so we we find all the trailers for
his other movies and we're just laughing
and like guys this this guy is legit
here's here's where it gets complicated
rich yeah fateful findings
it's streaming on Amazon Prime yeah we
watched faithful finding okay
we watched fateful findings and rich
yeah you don't know what you're missing
man I have been lobbying for it for a
while as have I've been you know I have
been as well and so that I couldn't wait
anymore I was feeling I was feeling the
mojo I watched fateful findings and let
me tell you my friend
we don't it's it's um first of all
anyone who's seen faithful findings it
is a magical day okay it's a magical day
you don't know what you're missing man I
have an idea what I'm missing it's not
it's not but my set by choice oh my gosh
findings by now oh I know we both you
and I have been pushing hard to watch
more Neil Breen and I I'm happy I've
seen it it's amazing it's the best movie
ever made no you're never getting up
there it's it's it's fan it's fantastic
whereas all of DoubleDown you know 90%
of DoubleDown was stock footage with in
his voiceover there's no stock footage
in this it's all scenes with actors it's
amazing it needs to be studied
it's outsider art and it needs to be
preserved for the ages and he'll bring
is a true artist that oh that ending
belt that movie that a whole fucking
movie it's brilliant it's just brilliant
and I was a little on the fence about
seeing it but you know
I've been I've been wanting to see it
for so long it just it's just it's it's
it's more beautiful than I can describe
fucking fire we done yet how close that
we're pretty close okay just say fuck it
yeah I'm spreading I'm spreading the
good word of breezes brings us or
however we pronounce him that it's he
takes his art to a whole new level we
were trying to figure out he he plays an
author in the movie who's also a
computer scientist and he has all these
copies of books and we were trying to
figure out what book it was on his desk
he has all these like blank books that
are supposedly like his book that he
wrote right and we were trying to figure
out what what book it was and it was it
was some it was it was like a it was
called like the war within was at it
like the the secret government White
House by Bob Woodward all this time he
wasn't working oh I know I don't want to
give too much away because rich might
see it but it's so probably she feels
probably seeing I know Teleca scam
people don't get jokes and that's fine
but I think it's Bob Woodward talk about
this talk we could we could dedicate
three episodes of best of the worst to
that salad scene alone no spoilers cuz I
haven't washed it out of neglect that's
not why I haven't seen fateful finding
yeah I know I haven't seen it because I
would love to do it for work oh yeah I
know and you know what they had their
chance rich I had to I had to watch it
and crack I know I cracked and it was
worth it
it's so fucking good man okay so the
book that he has the book that he has is
called the war within the secret White
House which is a book written by Bob
Woodward did you make this section
slippery room well it's at an angle and
you do kind of if you go too fast you
can slip so it's called a secret White
House history 2006 to 2008 and Woodward
is of famous Woodward and Bernstein the
guys who broke the the Watergate scandal
right yeah and that's it was so telling
because he is kind of you know like just
what you know from DoubleDown he's like
very anti-government anti corruption and
so I bet he spends all of his time
reading like conspiracy theorist books
it was great it was great
twitch Evans 69 this is getting over it
with Bennet Fadi the new game from the
creator of coop and it is quite to the
game quite the game oh oh oh this is it
Rich's got this is the farthest reach
has ever gotten that tree is not
something you can land on by the way
that is a big tree
I'm surprised we oh I turned to all the
voiceover volume down because we were
chatting about stuff and that was
getting in the way
we're still getting subtitles I don't
remember that being so slippery I will
not do that I ate doughnuts that would
be that would just be frustrating for
rich don't worry about it let's see here
Eve Angelus prime says thank you both
and the rest of the rlm team of four
years of fantastic content I'm sure
you've been asked this in the past but
have you ever seen the lost skeleton of
God derive raw cadaver ah
if so thoughts the lost skeleton of
cadavra literally never been asked that
my life I've never heard of that I'm
sorry so I've not also I've also not
seen it John 1089 says thanks for the
stream guys rich I'm giving you this
money just for the long stare you gave
the camera after Jack said 'my
underwears was a good actor he was a
good actor he was he was a he was trying
that when he started having sex with the
lady and she kept shoving chocolates in
his mouth he he was there he was in it
he was into it and he was having a good
time
I lie I liked him he was he was my
favorite
he was my favorite actor my favorite
character might be low-rent Mark Ruffalo
of the room I'm a guy who shows up at
the party and it's just like everyone's
best friend even though we just met him
I'm sure you know why why was if you
figure it out that the psychiatrist quit
they just gave somebody else's lines the
psychiatrist quit really yeah that makes
total sense well yeah this guy just
shows up at the party and everyone's
like yeah we know this guy he's there
and you know of course
oh I'm so into it I'm so into it in
their low-rent Mark Ruffalo yeah it's so
it's it's amazing I the the room is I
mean I mean ever everyone knows that
obviously I'm just way behind the times
but I was very for all of the bad movies
that we watch rich I was really
expecting to be underwhelmed by the room
and you weren't no yeah yeah it's
quality it's quality quality lack of
quality yes it's shocking so much like
its I I think this game is interesting
it's it's a an exercise in your own
patience but I think it's I I think it's
worth it I think it's good and it's
fairly cheap I did is Joe Flacco light I
finally saw the room it's Joe Flacco
will eat Joe Flacco Lee yes sorry I
finally saw the room and I loved it of
course
and the other shocking thing because
I've seen oh oh oh oh gosh watch save a
rich the other shocking thing is how
dead of an actor Tommy Wiseau is through
most of the movie oh yeah like I've seen
him in stuff and like he's generally
like he seems to be a fairly charismatic
dude for you know for being a weirdo for
being an utter weirdo but in the movie
he's nothing he's he's a goalie he spent
millions of dollars to give himself a
shot yeah and then he phones it in for
most of the movie right yeah yeah it's
bizarre it's the craziest thing it's the
craziest thing man all right let's give
him a last chance right he gonna pick us
we're ready to go you can do it rich I
want to see you get to the top of this
hill gone we're good
all right listen to the audio version as
it's read by Greg oh yeah maybe that's
that's a good idea
listen to the audio version of me he
does this Tommy impersonation oh yeah
yeah throughout the whole thing that's
not that is not a bad idea that is not a
bad idea right there didn't get an
audiobook of the room okay I almost want
to reorganize the chapters he jumps
straight back and forth between during
the making of the room and him making
meeting Tommy early days Tommy making of
the room early doesn't tell me mature I
could see how that would work in
conjunction though I but yeah I want to
hear like a continuation god dammit I
would love I would almost love to
reorganize it chronologically but I
think I think he understood or at least
the ghostwriter understood that reason
people to find the book they want to
hear about the behind the scenes of the
room yeah more so than this guy meeting
this weirdo who can't act you know right
right so I was turning off we'll talk
about it and I think people won't hear
but then we'll go to the past but then
we'll go back you know there's an audio
book for the dista aster artists does
that is that such a shock there's an
audio book for everything man
read by Greg Sestero
I'd believe that
rich have you ever played la noir I'm
not particularly interested in Eleanor
yeah yeah the uncanny uncanny valley
game how uncanny valley
why is that the uncanny valence more
they did the the super facial capture oh
yeah you're like the body's look stiff
but their faces are like how long I'm
gonna do a quick friend purge we're
gonna do a quick friend purge here man
friend list rich I just started Voyager

[Part II]
purge here man friend lists rich I just
started Voyager does it get better
not really every now and then every now
and then there's a good episode or an OK
episode but the show it it delights
hovering up and down above the
mediocrity line that's fair that's a
really fair analysis it's like you you
you you take this great premise and then
you proceed to not do anything
interesting with it yeah
and then you take Kate Mulgrew who was a
who's an amazing actress was born to
fucking play a Starfleet captain God she
was and then you just write her horribly
inconsistently where where sometimes
she's the ultra idealist who won't Bend
no matter what and then other times
she'll she'll compromise her ideal so
that her favorite crew member can have a
cracker I born employee captain rich oh
isn't that frustrating yeah she'd be
she's a great captain she could be she
is like in my in my cannon in my head
cannon for Voyager there's a he's great
there's a clip float around there if you
ever see had that that clip with the
actress they originally hired she filmed
for one day they got wherever go she's
got this thick thick French accent
really yeah what is it what is it what
are they thinking who makes these
decisions man
here's what here's what I'm about to do
for anyone who is not steamed friends
with me and we're gonna play I'm gonna
play with the chat later I'm doing a
quick friend purge here of my Steam
friend list and then I'm going to okay
so we are going to remove these friends
okay and then we're gonna take all these
and take all these new invites and I'm
gonna ignore all the invites
ignore all boom so now in you know
invite me to friends here we go now
let's play some pub GD what you do
theory I open something open
how do we turn the sound down we're
getting out of here for something else
er I was energy one of them
how terrible how utterly terrible
they're rich when when they redid that
scene yeah Kate Mulgrew yeah they they
left instead of like with the old
captain's like hands touching buttons oh
they didn't refill everything well yeah
yeah so every every minute every minute
counts right oh that was just awful yes
I know she was terrible
somehow she made it to the set I'm the
first day of filming right right
good
good what are we talking about the the
original Kathryn Janeway on Voyager they
filmed for one day with a different
actress and she was so terrible they
fired her after one day
yeah she was crazy and then they had the
RiRi filmed a bunch of stuff because
they wanted to change Mulder's hair
they actually quit because she knew she
couldn't handle it now no that's not how
that's not that's not how I work that's
not that's what they said so everyone so
everyone could say face they'll say Oh
so-and-so left yeah okay first of all
why would you believe it would you hear
something like that especially after
watching the clip of her falling some of
these producers are human beings they're
not trying to murder somebody's career
so they let them save face right now
though they decided not to do it when
they had a discussion behind the scenes
this isn't working look at these dailies
this yeah we need to change the cast we
need to get someone else listen with the
dailies were really bad we we had we had
our editors throw together a rough edit
of this scene it's awful yeah we need to
recast immediately can we get Colombo's
wife
can we get mrs. Columbo Kate Kate
Mulgrew was on it was mrs. Klein I'm
done for sweating the chat no I'm
letting the chat know it's gonna take me
a little bit to see if all my buttons is
working
his name is in the main menu oh yeah I'm
I'm harlech H ARL ACK that is my steam
name and I have like a Yelp a yellow
picture with a little robot guy who has
an octopus arm that's my picture
good give me my backpack great so we
don't get the new map right off the bat
that's all right
oh it's random yeah yeah it's random hmm
old map new map everyone just choosing
new map you know
well at first some people would probably
still like the old ones the font of them
happened oh that map well and they have
added stuff to this map like there's a
ton more there's more like forest areas
and I want to say they added a new town
like they've added stuff to this map
okay which is very nice it's basically
just a warm-up for me I'm probably gonna
suck but you guys know that I probably
suck anyways so I heard somewhere the
actress quit because she thought the
role was beneath her you you might be
confusing stories you know you know the
story behind Jeffrey hunter and Star
Trek Jeffery oh yeah crest Captain
Christopher Pike in in the cage right he
was he was originally gonna be the
captain of the enterprise in Star Trek
and one day his wife comes in and talks
to Gene Roddenberry and says Jeffrey
hunter
is a movie star and he will not be doing
your show so because of Jeffrey Hunter's
wife Jeffrey hunter did not do Star Trek
and because he was doing movies he was
filming some kind of movie in Europe but
he died the car accident shortly
thereafter so if he took the role of
Captain Pike he may still be alive today
oh yeah
but he was a movie star Jack that's true
rich I've heard that about him what was
he need one of the most iconic roles of
all time for you don't just don't
rich well but now of course no one knew
that at the time yeah I would love to
see an alternate universe where they
made Star Trek with Jeffrey hunter would
have been totally I've been a little bit
more serious about you'd be a little
different
mm-hmm
I really like him in the cage sure sure
interesting what else would I know
Jeffrey hunter from uh he was Jesus and
the greatest story ever told
movie about Jesus well I died first of
all yes sumed
I haven't seen that sure he's probably
better in other things but there remain
forums there all before our time sure
these things it's probably in westerns
sure that era first of all everyone was
in a Western he probably played a dozen
different cowboys range that's a good
one yeah I'll get this one that has a
better better effective range that's why
I'm making that decision because it has
a better effective range alright tips oh
wait you were reading tips though right
I was reading some tips remember where
you left off I do not uh-huh
so there the last one I remember you
reading was to be underwears woman okay
oh yeah that sounds about right
did you read the one of a Martin
Scorsese no II don't
kendos says hey guys did you read what
Martin Scorsese wrote about Rotten
Tomatoes a couple months back he said
the site is turning us into on
adventurous consumers and is bad for
film criticism your thoughts interesting
I I don't have much thoughts like in
general I just don't have much thoughts
they call me old blank slate Evans
that's that's what they call me you know
it's one of those things where I I think
no matter what you have people who are
looking for aggregation
you have people who are looking for
someone to tell them if they will like
it or not I think I think people think
Rotten Tomatoes makes people see or not
see movies but I don't think that's the
case at all or nobody would see a movie
like the Suicide Squad right so maybe
irritating and and the way they give
movies of fresh or rotten rating might
be flawed but I don't know that it's
ruining anything I think it's easily
ignore about yeah because I don't I
don't know that they actually have that
much influence I'm with you man yeah you
know what I would love is a fucking
police vest up in this video that's what
I would love also I'm gonna need a car
I'm fairly close to the circle and
there's a button I need to change but I
don't necessarily want to change it yet
have I seen Leonard Nimoy's bilbo
baggins song everybody's seen that Oh
Bilbo Baggins I would rather have an
oozy rich other camouflage outfits in
this and when they're ever not be a
reason to have a camouflage outfit there
are camouflage outfits in there and no
you want you want the camouflage outfit
to times go is that an unfair advantage
for the people who have that unlocked um
well it's something you can pick up well
what happened whoa it's something you
can pick up
I should probably like your blue shirt
might be a terrible idea that's possible
I don't think it matters that much there
is there's a findable in this game the
that like the grass suit you know that
thing I don't know that thing but this a
grass suit yeah there's a grass suit and
I've it's an incredibly rare find
oh fuck but if you can find that yeah
you're undetectable in like
these areas I got to find I got to find
a bush to sit in as soon as I get across
the line because my free look button
it's currently not is that a motorcycle
no that is a bush my free look button is
currently not set to anything and I want
that the blue prism says rich stop
playing this your blood pressure can't
handle it probably about getting it
definitely about getting over it
probably about depending on how stupidly
you play this maybe for this too rich I
play pretty stupid you gotta be careful
man Jack I think you should run around
and get someone's attention draw them
out of cover Jack draw them out of cover
cuz that always works anonymous says
which is better fateful findings or the
room my vote is for fateful findings oh
man that was actually some of the most
fun of the night was just comparing the
two because Neal Breen and Tommy Wiseau
have a lot in common
hey I might give it two fateful findings
I'll be honest with you yeah the the
most shocking thing about faithful
findings is hold on for a second was it
called free look I think bank vaults on
the crouch prone interacts free look at
isn't it I want you to be free look okay
close
is like there were scenes in fateful
findings that were clearly just Neil
Breen wants a hug from someone and you
just see like you know you like cuz you
can tell he's such a bad actor you can
tell when he's acting and then like
he'll hug someone and it just melts away
and like it's a real legitimate hug oh
poor Neil Breen he just wants to hug huh
all right all right now my free look is
jiggered tell me why so didn't fit in
the black tank top theory though I think
he's wearing a black tank top at some
point he wears a sleeveless black
sleeveless shirt during his like throw
the football with mark in the park yeah
montage here's okay when we're talking
about people with an ego making their
own movie yeah does you know part of the
whole black shirt thing you know it's
you know what's weird about the room and
tell me why so what usually they cast
themselves as an action star yeah
you know I'm the secret agent I'm the
hacker or the super hacker of course uh
Neil Breen tell me why so did not make
him he did not star himself in an action
movie he started himself in a drama
right he was the normal guy who had a
job and a girl that he wanted to get
married yeah what happened in Tommy's
life who broke Tommy's heart rich
everybody seen his face somebody
somebody broke that man's heart the book
kind of lets you in on that you know
that's that's that's his deal he doesn't
have friends
yep that's why in his movie everyone's
his best friend and we love Johnny
mm-hmm
we love Johnny so much and even even the
girl who's kind of iffy about me her
mother loves me
oh man that whole movie is fantastic but
like I said watching watching them
back-to-back was also just a ton of fun
the the the neoprene Tommy was so
situation what am I have 42 all right 42
coming from rich hey hey I've got
someone man and I got a whole bunch of
friends you know what you you actually
you literally wish you had my friends oh
damn yo that's why you're watching this
shit Dawg you're getting too real you're
bringing it you're bringing in what's
your man got to do with me I got a man
damn but yeah so it's it's it's all
fantasy fulfillment Ferb there's someone
for both timing was so n Neil Breen and
you know depending on their fantasy they
just want a stable relationship and best
friends or they want to be an
international hacker that takes down the
crooked government who also cuddles
people there's a lot of cuddling and
fateful findings
by the way by the way it's it was they
said oh well I would scrolled up a while
back yeah but somebody wanted my
thoughts on the the Dead Rising rumors
there's Dead Rising rumors rumors of a
new game that they are going back to
basics and it's effectively gonna be a
soft reboot for the franchise okay I've
heard about this uh-huh
especially going back to the timers I
didn't hear anything about combo weapons
which my book is a good thing okay and
and difficulty and just just classic
Dead Rising yeah you didn't like the the
combo weapons they start to get too
goofy
I'm sure way to goofy running around
using whatever's at your disposal just
like throwing a potted plant at a zombie
because that's all you got yeah
that's wacky fun but when you when you
when you literally tape a garden gnome
to some kind of stick and it makes a
wand that causes garden gnomes come out
of the ground that attack zombies you've
you've crossed a line
alright I'm with you I'm with you
I understand so I was never that big on
the combo uprising combo weapons couple
weapons yeah more marketing gimmick than
gameplay play sure you know I think a
little bit fun but it wasn't the main
draw for me it ever was okay that's fair
all right so I'm optimistic but one this
is just a rumor
it's absolutely just something someone
said on 4chan Oh like a developer hasn't
said anything not none of that nothing
official oh okay so and the other thing
yeah everything yeah you know good work
we're going back to there are roots
we're going back to what worked before
that's what they said before Dead Rising
four came out so grain of salt and a
little bit garden
they should make a less ugly Frank West
no Frank West works because he is ugly
he's a he's not a typical protagonist
Frank West I know I know that they think
I'm a Fran fan of Frank West buzz he's
some kind of hysterical meme generating
badass but that's not at all why I like
the character in the original game okay
he's not even he's not even that funny
he's Frank West is interesting because
he's not typical protagonist he's a
selfish reporter who's just looking to
get the scoop he's not in any way a hero
he is a schlub right he has a schlub who
foolishly gets himself in way over his
head and he's in over his head at the
start of that game and and he's
struggling to stay afloat the whole way
through the game
not even an empty hero more like neutral
like he's trying to be the reporter he
just wants the story he's not there to
save lives he's there to make money he's
not evil he'd probably preferred if
people didn't die sure but he's just
there to get his scoop so we could make
a name for himself for having the big
story if he's not a hero then why do you
save everyone when you play as him all
right
you notice in Dead Rising 1 they don't
call them missions they don't call them
escort mission they call them scoops in
Frank's eyes he's saving these people to
find out what their story is
sure oh fuck and yes you don't have to
save any of them it's entirely optional
that's true that's true but the real
ending is when you save all 50 survivors
no that is absolutely nothing to do with
the real ending the real endings when
you investigate the story and it has
nothing to do with rescuing anybody who
isn't a main story character involved
with getting information on the scoop
that girl knows what's going on I have
to save her yeah
he was he was on my six I didn't hear
him I didn't hear him
no I'm using my nunchuck and a mouse
this is basically WASD stick which is
easier for me to use and a mouse rich
does he escape the true ending with
Isabella and sell his story in your head
Canon that's not head Canon the text
after the game like the actual what
happened text flat-out says he did okay
so
oh here it I mean after you after you
beat Brock at the end of the game you're
you're literally standing on top of some
kind of fancy automated tank it's not
it's not hard to imagine how Franken
Isabella can get out I'm gonna give it
one more go for me and then we'll do
some squads okay do some squad hopefully
we can check out the desert map so he's
like an incidental hero yes that's
exactly what Frank quest is absolutely
that's a good way to put it yep Frank
sounds like an asshole yes
Oh old map again
old map again that fun
so Frank West is ash Williams
yes but less funny
interesting
okay Jack I'm late have you found the
updates this game more enjoyable
encephalopathy yes I find you know a lot
of the frustrations are still there like
what just happened where you know just a
random guy in a motorcycle just happen
to see me ran me over before I could
react and that's frustrating that's a
frustrating death but with the death cam
at least I know how I died and a lot of
times that can that can help me adjust
my personal strategy you know I look
around a lot more I'm a lot more
cautious entering buildings I look for
signs of of human occupancy you know
there's there's things that I can do to
adjust my strategy and so the deaths
feel less we're frustrated where is the
best point to get off on the point
there's no there's no best point I I
prefer to be as far the fuck away from
the plane as possible i I'm not shitting
you I have like seven kills and in one
run on this and I got off the plane near
the end I did not murder the people who
were just idle sure I wasn't murdering
them I did murder somebody who walked by
to kill the people who were idle nice I
ended up killing someone right after and
then it seemed like I was behind
everybody uh-huh I'm away to the circle
because I got off at the very end I was
at one end of the island yeah yeah and
so I was just murdering a bunch of
people coming out I'm basically from
behind that's why I like to get as far
away from people as possible give me a
little time to get my bearings and
hopefully everyone is then in front of
me yeah I had some good firefights
that's good there's a fun run and I died
then it felt like I was all for nothing
sometimes I think I made it to fit
though oh yeah that's that's satisfying
and it you know anytime you get that top
ten it's great anytime you get that top
ten it's good feeling
which I'm gonna see if I can stumble
upon a car here and then make my way
through the gun range that might be a
car it's about the journey rich so you
say so you say but when I died even
though I had what was a pretty good run
it felt like a letdown so sometimes your
journey sometimes sometimes the end is
pretty important got it you know if you
don't stick the landing your pole vault
was for shit
no car around here that sucks
pan
I would've got a second joke alright
mochi b85 says hi Wreckers hi jack if
you want a movie so bad it's good watch
wait before Mickey on Netflix so
hilariously bad and ham-fisted it's
great 50% of the film is weight crying
cuz he can't flip him wait crying cuz he
can't pay the bill smiley face emoji
okay okay alright good to know
damn it rich what do you think of
Castlevania I loved the first one when I
was kid hated the second one uh-huh
now must hated the second one or more
was confused by the second one I think I
think that's everyone I believe that
many of the other ones
like I thought three was fine it'll do
for now - maid says the fifth
anniversary of Metal Gear Rising is next
month on the 19th 2019 the 21st
worldwide which is on a stream day
wouldn't be nice to have a stream day
yeah maybe but also everything is
terrible says just saw hard-boiled by
John Woo and I think it fit on review
I'll review I thought you're gonna say
best of the worst for a second I don't
know why me personally I think
hard-boiled belongs on the perfect
action film list with ghostbusters
diehard Iron Man 3 etc thoughts
hard-boiled hard-boiled that's been it's
been a while yeah yeah
I wouldn't be a good one for because I'm
I'm not overly familiar with hardball
but apparently you're not either I don't
I don't know that any of us are uh-huh
you need a car that one's gonna say I
hate it even though I clearly I don't
why does rich hate hard no no because
I'm not overly familiar with it
get over your hate for hard-boiled
I love hard-boiled eggs does that count
huh that's my favorite kind of egg so
it's not a terrible film for a review I
just don't know that any of us are good
choices should we do a review of hard
boil then it's just me talking about
eggs and you know Jay Jay does not like
hard-boiled eggs at all and so like he
can be the counterpoint turn around
again there might have been somebody
behind you that blacked out no that's
just very yeah bushes bushes look like
people
like people everything is people how far
do you have to go not very I may I'll
make it in time maybe better if I had a
car or a helmet or a back shack should
you be running through the city at this
point people are probably running
towards the exits I'm feeling pretty oh
yeah none of these doors are open self
they make the low render versions of
bushes look like people they do just to
be dickheads which do you like your eggs
hard-boiled ah scrambled that's your
preferred egg yep hmm that's fair Oh
back back here we go you know that's
fair I'm not like I'm not gonna deny it
like any egg is a good egg but you know
I just I like if I had to choose just
one egg to have for the remainder of
eternity it would be a hard-boiled rich
why does it everyone think Aquaman is
lame because he's a under the ocean guy
and that's that's like limiting
maybe it's because he's super lame your
adventures need to take place in like a
pier or a boat or your Fighting's I'm
gonna fish things under the water yeah
kind of hard to latch onto that and
unless you are like a mariner like a
fish like unless you have a life by the
sea like if you're the son of a
fisherman like I bet you're super into
Aquaman this might be a bad idea but
there's a motorcycle here like I'm right
by the line there lose under the ocean
so
I wouldn't necessarily call Cthulhu
dynamic character he's a neat design and
a cool bad guy but and it doesn't exist
in the DC Universe shit fence
damnit damnit running away stop shooting
at me
you're gasps no wait right left other
side of the rock I saw a little top
moving where somewhere that way just
just get out of there just get the fuck
out of there I'm doing it why are you
taking the pike huh aren't you taking
the bus because then then they have a
clear shot I can't I can't shoot back
check you have no helmet don't take
these fights this is my only option at
the time you could just run away that is
an option running away is an option I
think that's a that makes me a bigger
target I feel right away yeah so now
that's a bullshit death but now we get
to see who killed me
and so it's like from behind you from
the houses you think nope nope okay so
yeah he's scoping out the rock that I
was behind if you had hair you know
foolish how did he see me he knew
exactly where to zoom in on me I suppose
this a chance somebody is saying there's
a lot of hacks could be some kind of aim
bond thing involved could be how did he
know I was hiding behind that rock to
his left how did he know to look over
there hold on let's watch that again oh
did you see that now what well I'll show
you in a second
that's to clean now where he I watched
this watch where he aims when he's
looking at the rock watch his reticle
like dude dude it like like snaps right
to where I am on the other side of the
fucking Hill I'll say it let's say I
didn't see that
that's I don't know man
no no Jack I don't know I know I don't
know that what so aimbots it'll just
like right away right unless they like
smooth the aimbot curve too I might
report this look look at look at like
right here it goes like I don't know
that it's the case
look it locks right there that's a lock
Jack trust me he's not cheating huh I
don't know agreed Jack is right for once
seems fairly normal I don't know it
seems weird that he knew I was way over
there okay okay people are saying don't
report him I don't I don't think you
have enough to go on here all right
that's fair that's fair
I have been reporting some people who
have suspicious behavior I see it locked
it looked like it zoomed right in on me
on the other side of the hill people are
saying they vote clean that's fair as a
multiplayer fun where you can have this
discussion well I guess a friend
requests to get to
Oh Pretender says Jack dime jack
what do you think of Ridley Scott trying
to get a third Blade Runner movie going
as long as Ridley Scott doesn't direct
it I'm okay with it
how about that yeah how about that rich
why don't you like left for dead
well thematically I'm not that fond of
fast zombies okay
and I'm not much of a multiplayer guy in
general right but that's not that's not
really competitive no no it's
cooperative no no the same way I might
enjoy
you might it's my age it's good it's
intense
I'm turned off by the fast zombies I'm
sure but that that doesn't necessarily
say anything about gameplay right I
think I think it's good I think it's
intense one second here it does look
like something that would get old
wait don't people play a super zombies
to them maybe that's another mom okay
that's that's a different mode
rich you may like seven days to die semi
slow zombies maybe too much waiting for
you though I I do like turn-based
strategy and that's not exactly
fast-moving but what kind of what kind
of game is seven days to die
okay
so how do we do this how do we join up
with a group
did rich ever play dayz I mean I didn't
ever play it but aren't the zombies kind
of meaningless isn't dayz basically just
pub G only with zombies
built the ultimate zombie game is Dead
Rising it's got the Romero vibe sure
alright there we go
four four man team boom yep you guys
ready
you have an area that isn't inherently
spooky but it's still the horror
elements don't care about that they're
there anyway mhm yeah I think you could
get some real enjoyment out of left for
dead maybe that's maybe that's what we
could play together okay okay that it
left for dead is some good shit
somebody's trying to get a rise out of
me by saying dead rising isn't a fun
game though oh it's fine they can try
that think I mean obvious obvious I mean
you can have that opinion and I don't
care it doesn't change the fact that
Dead Rising 1 is like literally one of
my favorite games of all time right hey
can you guys hear me and I started
playing the the PC version in the first
game I've already I've already cently
the last week or two but I've already
got 41 hours in terrible terrible and
wonderful hey Beyonce type and how what
how's it going
and where's mobile mark yeah we can hear
you out here any of you Dead Rising
encourages exploration then punishes you
for exploit Dead Rising sucks if you
play it like a game you're only supposed
to play once and only once
hello no new map yet yep and in in Dead
Rising 1 you're you're supposed to get
bodied and fail either the some of the
side quest or the main story but you
know what in Dead Rising 1 if you like
failed the story one of if you fail any
of the timed events yeah you know what
happens a screen comes up and says you
failed the story the school call you can
continue it or hold it for a second
let's go to the rock quarry you can you
can lo to save hello or you can just
keep playing and level up some more yeah
and explore on them all and do whatever
you want yeah yeah there's a lot you can
do there is nothing to stop you from
exploring and Dead Rising 1 unless
you're gonna be really anal about well
I'm only gonna play once and only once
and I need to be perfect the first time
apparent we've jumped out apparently I'm
following a mobile Marshall yep you have
to approach dead rising like Groundhog
Day we're all gonna die
yay like Groundhog Day yeah I felt it
this time I know what I can do different
next time and then you get better and
then you carry your level carries over
you get to level 12 when you restart the
game you start at level 12 yeah
the escort missions really suck a Dead
Rising they're entirely optional every
cent of them except for like one or two
that are involved with the main story
but they're unusually easy ones oh crap
I'm dead you're dead already
I'm dead
shit we got a dead teammate already
there's someone on my six oh no I don't
know if you can hear me at all I can I'm
not on your six gotta find it huh gotta
find some shit escort missions suck in
every game see the thing with Dead
Rising the thing with the thing is bad
in and escort missions and games in
general it's a game over if you fail
success in I died in Dead Rising except
for the like like to affirmation main
story based ones which are under these
your side yeah
if you fail an escort if somebody that
you're escorting dies you just keep
going yeah it's not a game over okay so
next time we we need to get a better
game plan
I wanted to go to the rock quarry
crispy-fried manses you like to complain
about Chakotay troll and Voyager but I
submit to you a challenge if you were
writing a scripture how would you
implement a Native American character
into the main cast well he would be the
second officer and would Butthead with
Jane way over over policies and maybe
his Maquis background would be more of a
sense of friction between the two and he
wouldn't just instantly have become a
Starfleet member oh you notice that his
culture doesn't need to be tracked on in
a tacky way he can just be a Native
American playing a role but see here's
the thing rich you could you could
actually implement his culture being a
culture who historically big government
has done his people wrong that could
actually play up his Maquis
characteristics it's true he's true he
could use that within butting heads with
Jane we're like hey let the last time my
people trusted the government what
happened right right right that would
work - that would work - you you just
you know have him be a consistent
character all right let's go again guys
but this time let's stay together all
together now we got to stay together to
me it's more insulting you're the Native
American guy you go on a Vision Quest
this episode that's more insulting to me
yeah agreed
is your chat setting on I have no idea
if my chat setting is on the off switch
Ike I can't hear you though seven switch
Dead Rising game do you recommend the
first time we're starting with well I
love the first one the death so I would
say one though
boys you know the answer is probably two
because it's a lot easier baby it still
has escort missions but basically the
survivors just run straight through
Boreum safehouse and they don't really
require any kind of babysitting
it's not even beat on this attack so two
is probably a lot more forgiving okay
all right so should I just shut up I'll
probably shut up this run you have to
shut up for a little bit you started you
started a game when I was in the middle
of a dead rising rent and I'm very sorry
about that alright hey guys let's wait
until we are let's wait until the plane
kicks us out okay that's the plan we're
gonna go all the way to the end of the
island and make our way across
so just wait till we get to the very
edge like don't even hit it Jax wait
till the plane autumn Auto ejects us and
we'll just you know find a house on our
way down awesome games done quick yeah
yeah yeah they're doing a quick charity
event no I'm checking out like at home
oh yeah yeah yeah I can't hear you at
all I'm gonna jump when you jump
whenever that is you can't hear me at
all so this is defaulting to my
microphone I mean does that make sense
is it something that can't happen no
they would be able to hear both ways cuz
they both go through the zoom are you
hearing me and not jack yeah I've got a
stream on to make sure I can hear you
but I don't think I can hear you in-game
you might need to change your your team
chat settings to always we could check
our settings I did and I did we're good
that's not my teammate
that's not my team if there's another
guy in here the other players can hear
him in game right so what's on that
guy's end yeah come here I'm gonna punch
the shit out of you dude I'm armed with
vertical grip I'm chasing someone I'm
chasing someone I'm gonna punch him to
death I have a hand grenade I'm coming
to ya watch out folks I'm just gonna
punch this dude until he dies welcome to
me I got shotgun
unless you get a weapon this is not
going to work t-bag I'm Jack can you
duck yeah we did it all right so now we
are very far away oh shit oh yeah I hear
you end of the lay in the stream
we are very we need guns and a car stat
that's probably going to need a car can
the chant here the rest of the team do I
need to turn up they should be able to
somebody's shooting at me
Chad do I need to turn up the game audio
you have a gun yet no where are they
nice son of a bitch where's all the guns
that dead guy didn't pick up a gun no
that's why he's dead
do you have a first-aid kit those in
there yeah and who's all dead and who's
all alive on my team plus an extra gun
scene are close yeah no he went straight
down helmet huh helmet you of you here
do you want it I see the whole team's
dead somewhere safe to sleep okay hold
on I finally found a gun for you I have
a ton of med kits and and energy drinks
and what do you guys need
swishy turn around I got a mint for you
Jack's got a medkit yeah where's the off
switch oh the over there he's only got a
pistol though right now we have a severe
car priority at the moment off switch do
you need a med kit
well okay okay coca-cola okay great all
right we need a car and we need instead
because the circles on the other side of
the motherfucking Island I could
probably use a better gun in dust yeah
oh I see it nice and a motorcycle we'll
do two vehicles how do we want to play
it and what's the call look at the
motorcycle is it got a buggy can carry
to someone can always hop on back yeah
we can do three vehicles there's a it's
a ghast here oh though another one over
there
Jack has gas
I'm coming don't run me over ooh nice
don't throw me down clock I'm going to
grab the Jeep
okay great so now we got a car now we
got to get to the other side of the
island
what always get guns in here oh great
let's get some guns let's get some guns
oh this is a new building is this a new
building this looks great this looks
cool it's a good looking building Jack
you're you had a fight for your life and
you're appreciating the architecture
fuck you I am this looks great
where's the fucking guns it's being lit
there's parties here there's but oh look
the bodies hit the floor it's being lit
it's okay well then we got it we got to
get moving Lou loop the circle is she is
closing listen I have a handgun and
that's gonna have to be good enough
Jack you're not driving huh you're not
driving the office we found the car I
didn't want to I didn't want to presume
I was driving to see like look we're way
over here we got to get all the way over
to the farm so by driving I missed
well Jack would be a much better Drive a
much better Drive
no who are we leaving behind they have
their own vehicles don't they
Oh alright let's hope so yeah it's like
a cheap or something behind you oh great
is it Flo no what oh my god oh my god
it's fine good fine oh my god they're
not they're not friendly where someone
just drive oh gee
it's okay just keep keep moving get to
that circle we can always heal up later
I like the motorcycle
you're doing great you're doing great
off switch you're doing great you're
doing great
we're following great okay everything's
great
are you down to somebody wears red is
there the best back there I just came
back from nowhere you're doing great
we're gonna beat that circle man we're
gonna beat it then they have more cars
maybe there oh there's really cool
pickup trucks on the desert map I hope
we get to do it desert map soon wait
where's uh he's coming he's gonna
they're coming they're all coming keep
my random chance you would have expected
it doesn't matter now
yeah it's only bit what this is only too
well for I guess there's a better
setting you gotta click on to the
neighborhood I don't think so
I didn't I didn't at home we're gonna
make it we're gonna make it we're doing
great guys we're alive still so we're
doing great
that's what I have to say about this
situation
we're alive still
oh yeah
Jefferson's way behind yeah yeah but
this dependent oh my god
all right what the fuck that was some
James Bond stunt shit keep moving keep
moving
we're in the bomb zone Bob Q fine it's
all fine
we made it keep going do some more sweet
flips cuz that was awesome
okay does anyone need to be healed
what's everybody's health at where's the
off Oh off switch I have a med pack
story bud hop out of the car for a
second let's uh let's heal you up
do they need to healing yeah ops which
says oh oh yeah yeah those med kits okay
let's let's stop right here then and
perfect remember the off switch is no
longer allowed to here off switch I just
I dropped a first-aid kit for you right
here that's right here I'm gonna check
out this farmhouse over here right here
Oh vehicle oh no that's global Marshall
hi we made it you made it I made the
closed doors looks like it's unloaded so
far mobile Marshall do you need some
bandages Jack what are you go to the
park then you'll find a better gun
well I want to make sure we're all
together coming in northeast let him up
who's down is how many years yeah mobile
Mobile's down Ludum you need it better
than a pistol take a painkiller
is it I know who knows where he went
down alright alright forget them oh here
it is
I'm gonna push you got nothing no
weapons no oh we don't hear that yeah
okay this is good that's good I'll take
that I normally play first person there
probably third personing over something
to see where exactly where I'm at right
now
oh sure
here they come blow up the truck I'm
pulling it up
they're scared
where they at let's chase him down huh
yeah where they at where they at
where'd they go come on off switch
where'd they go
good one the one I saw last about two
for a to high five
okay we're on it let's go hunt him down
those fucks
I presume they took off in the car
oh my god it's fine everything's fine
fine define fine everything's fine it's
easy
easy-peasy man
stores open everything's fine
all right let's keep moving let's keep
moving we'll find someplace else let's
get this high ground up here up a
mountain I was waiting right after you
said that I was waiting for the shots to
start coming down on you from the of
course all right all right see if we can
see him from up here either if you have
extra nine-millimeter I only have 45
bullets yeah yeah I can give you one
nope they go thank you sir
because let's be honest about who's
gonna make the kills here you know all
right all right how we doing how we
doing more over here we're doing great
we're doing fucking great
so are we assuming that there are people
in the red farmhouse like hunker and
down I just saw someone moving to the
right of the farmhouse there in the open
see him to the right in the trees up on
the hill by the farmhouse no he was like
in the plane I look east like farther
over
East you got a number I don't see him
ouch-ouch I'm one day oh yeah you're
dead you're all dead I'll switch getting
the get in the car let's move I don't
have a jack what Jack what if you jump
around on the open drama out of cover
yeah yeah that always works that always
works
it's saying it's a crazy idea but it's
just so crazy jack
alright come on I'll switch and hop in
the car let's let's roll I'm driving
tallboy say fart stay in the team fight
the fire fight
yeah but they're not expecting
I wouldn't I ran into that tree look at
this look at this game
I mean that's just that's just good
that's just precision aiming right there
yeah yeah that's just good aim hey that
was fun
though we made it we made it pretty far
we made it pretty far there I killed
someone with my car everything is great
actually they pulled the jack on Jack
by baiting him out into the open see I
told you it would work
I told you okay great let's do one more
just one well then we'll switch it oh
yeah then we'll switch up the team
Boudreau 45 says hey guys you're cynical
personas it's not a persona have helped
me battle through the first few
semesters of law school and Manhattan
hopefully I passed the bar and can give
you guys bigger tips
Thanks we'll take it yes thank you for
sure glad to help you out with your
thing oh no I have the master I have not
gotten around to seeing blade the
immortal yet though I am still
interested that the the list of things
that I want to watch is ever-growing
button Oh is Oh Jake a blunt menaces
either any filmmakers you have yet to
profile on Vesta worse Allah when or
Neil brain or Don Dolan that would be
good for a bad movie night and Grosse
Pointe blank review love yous guys no
one were sitting on well there's one
thing
is there yes oh do I know about this yes
what yes watched a few times
oh there's one thing and one thing just
one yeah all right let's be crazy and
let's go to the firing range oh no no
let's be crazy and go to the top of
mountain go go go top of the mountain
top of the mountain go go go we're gonna
we're gonna start this motherfucker
fighting
kick it off swing and that's what I say
that's what I say was there a house up
here now that they put a house up here
just here one of their squad with us
great let's fuck him up hit me got to
hit me I think they did Wow might not
have been the best idea
might not have been the smartest plan
but you know it was the plan oh I wasn't
the only one you know was it might not
have been the smartest idea but you know
I figured what the fuck is like she's so
for you come see the off switch is on it
maybe that was that guy I was punching
fuck him up huh what fuck him up oh yes
punch me punch him nice revenge
eat it sucker no bullets no but you're
the ear all that's left how watan do the
only thing we got left I still have no
bullets but you got that gun oh yeah
yeah you don't need those you just need
courage that's right you just need to
believe in yourself
and bullets let's be honest and but to
see Shack me and the jewsí Shack me
that's what gives you courage this is my
rifle this is my gun
one is pursued and one is for fun
monkeys cat says hey guys hey guys I
hope you both had a happy holiday Jack
yeah
I've been getting into board games
lately yeah actually one person for gun
gonna round every girl who's somebody
killed me oh look at that guy
that's a cool looking gun do you have
any two-player game recommendations for
my life and I can be co-op or
competitive for board games the
two-player games that I play with my
wife we've been really getting into
underlings of underwing mm-hmm which is
uh like a dragon
raising game look at this gonna look at
this gun then it has its own name that's
my full-on machine gun yeah ah that's
that's that's that's top quality shit
there
oh yeah that's a powerful machine gun so
underlings muttering has a really good
two-player mode and actually it has a
single-player like it has a solitaire
mode as well sitting saucer this gun
right look at it didn't need that
ammunition all you need is twenty three
bullets
how many people are left alive 65 all I
need is 23 bullets so that's a really
good one underlings wondering we you
know I have talked about this before but
Lisa and I are obsessed with Marvel
legendary the the deck building game and
that has a good to play mode we play
you're the underdog story man you you
can do it how what you can do it you got
a badass helmet and gun mhm that gives
you a fighting chance
absolutely we play time barons a lot
that's a two-player game
you can do it jack install some cheats
no yeah I ain't no cheater
I do live on stream - that's a scam to
make people with the machine gun
yeah I'm listening to you all through
the twitch chat so I'm just kind of
delete oh sure you're doing great you're
doing great how what which right
oh you can make it you can make it you
can make it you can make it everybody's
watching you don't get too stressed out
the whole world is waiting on you oh
there's only 59 people and you have 40
bullets you're so good you're so good
look a couple of them line up you got
this so far to go oh my god you have so
far to go you got to find a car man get
yourself to a road look at the outsides
where you want to be the outsides where
you want to be that's true unless you
are outside of the blue circle then you
don't want to be there it's get a
motorcycle there might be got a cars and
garages and not safe and the best bets
just run name mm-hmm I like how Jack
can't be bothered to fix his in-game
chat issue it's not my issue other
people can hear me I believe it's how
what's issue we don't know what it is
but it is not my issue chat get over it
yeah yeah yeah well yeah I didn't say
that but yeah here we go there you go
found a car making it happen making my
way downtown walking fast places pass
yes I'm home bye make sure nobody's
using it yeah the check thing is my
problem I bet if I restart my game it'll
work
let's go die yay
die
oh this is exciting
see technically this is still my team so
how won't wind that's still a chicken
dinner
how come you didn't come to the last one
you got a team you can do that way that
doesn't say clear perfect perfect you
doing it you might be able to knock it
down
what flip it over
that's great well you made it a little
farther so that's something
doing it
valiant bloodshot's hey guys my valiant
legend just got back for what till you
get to cover free start ticking show us
ma g Fest this weekend and son demo for
a game called route it looks like cross
between Tron 2.0 and Far Cry Blood
Dragon it's on Steam now rich might like
it okay I think I've seen I've seen
trailers for that not heard of it I
think another one here circles closing
in okay okay let's not flip this one
while York just barely beaten that
circle you can do it don't you don't
have to hit the gas all the time take it
easy take it easy take it easy and don't
flip I think is the top priority great
doing great
we take it easy take it easy I know
where I want to go I want to go right
here all right
nice nice doing it I wish I had a sniper
he picked up anytime scope didn't you
does that not go on somebody somebody
your left how what car to your left on
TS southeast like West even
come on this hey you got it you did it
you did it everything's fine
we just know that we're all watching and
judging the spot I'm going to is nice I
can see all the way around Oh
wishing
they do that's why they shot at you oh
not Flint all right take your time check
out the house
slow down someone could be in there
oh my sweet Jesus
this time it's lupus is Jack yeah
this tip is C you add Mia's friend and
stream so we can play some pub loads
being judged I promise I will not
accidentally friendly-fire you that's
your stick I'll do another after this
one I'll do another friend accepting
there's nobody here nobody here that's
what they want over there
right
this can't be better with a smaller map
and fewer people know there I like the
amount there is to explore in the map
it's every section of the map is its own
little map and the the scale of it is
impressive it's just if I don't like a
game would be bad a small or not better
I think the map size is pretty good how
it is there are other takes on this
anyone's really big and there's no
vehicles what if instead of a shrinking
map every 10 minutes is beautiful you go
ten minutes got a kill you show up as a
dot on the map another radar see ya like
that yeah I think there are different
modes to be explored in this like we
like we talked about the beans mode yeah
you have to kill people to get a can of
beans
yeah well the 10 minute radar blood
might work better
mmm-hmm 10 minutes and then you show up
yeah now you're a target kill somebody
before against campers
yeah I mean this is roots to come to me
the shrinking map is to discourage
people from camping but I think like if
you died of a and that's why you need to
kill people for beans a can of beans
only last you know two minutes or
whatever and that and then like rate
that you get a radar blip to see where
people are every whatever it be it'd be
a different game I think there's more to
explore in the world of player unknowns
battlegrounds leading both dropped
realistic well at least that person is
very scared ha one you scared the crap
out of them so you know we got that
going for us
maybe gunfire shit out of temporaries
not as well you don't want to punish
sniping too much they don't or could
just get out of there med kids rush your
Jeep
yeah Jeep still ready to go get back at
your car man doing kidding you cheap man
fudge out of there elope take the
vehicle head back to circle blood though
Medina mates will sustain him yes eat
the beans of your enemy no you get you
got to go back to your house your Jeep I
think they drove away in their vehicle
lag it's a class on the other side did
that yeah as Jeep is still there he'll
be fine
he'll be fine he'll be fine please be
fine
nice trick my redbull I'm gonna die now
you're doing it you're doing it you're
doing a great job do it a great job oh
this is exciting
this is xx xx you're doing it alone
against teams yeah almost fell in the
pit you're fine you're fine don't I
don't flip the car now
no duplet shot no they don't against him
do a sweet flip it gives you extra
points
what you need is to kill everything here
is gonna be looted you want mad you're
gonna need to kill for them meds
someone here kill oh we've ended up at
this house before whoa whoa I'm out of
bullets for that
yeah close those doors mm-hmm how's the
fucking door no oh hey go close those
doors sweet mama
Jesus before I gotta go not far I'll go
by foot
Oh like there's someone seven bullets oh
there you go no I got some how far do
you got
you can make it
he can make it
maybe nope nope nope nope
Oh excellent run pal what's excellent
run very exciting very exciting all
right so we're gonna find some new
people to play with now thank you guys
for playing let me go
get some get some friends thymus lupus
ask nicely
does this time it's lupus what's what's
this time it's lupus is Steve name kill
man 23 right at the bottom
you lucky I got your back
DJ idk wise some hack frogs rich
sorry if you've been asked this already
but what is your current take on STD
haven't heard you talk about it since
the review of the premiere episode
you'll hear what I have to say later
date most likely anonymous says you guys
need to check out the cinema of Bruno
Mattel 4b OTW
okay none of us says rich
I just watched Blade Runner 2048 you
were robbed from the lead based on your
audition tape Mitaka C is dead
meritocracy is dead thank you dr.
Cyrus's how do i chat on twitch you type
into the chat sure all right we got we
got our team we got a new team we've got
van Drance we got metal VIN and we got
kale head Clay ol head let's go
everybody check your ready boxes what's
what's with the fist pose I didn't know
you could get different poses how do I
get a different pose come on click here
click you're ready to go buttons let's
rock and roll
Oh nope nope I thought I was gonna raise
my face up come on raise your fist up
oh look across her arm okay we're ready
to go let's see if we can get that sweet
ass desert map how do we get the desert
map it's right it's a dice roll dice
roll my friend it would be sweet if we
got it though
see what we got here let's see what we
got here people are coming over you're
stepping on the cord well step on my
cord rich and nope hi everybody
let's get Jack we'll carry you that's
right I'm very good at this game all the
time and I'm currently on fire I'm
currently I'm currently on fire nobody
can grab you when you're on fire it's a
brilliant strategy we're gonna hide in
some bushes guys it's gonna be great you
know what also when you're on fire they
can see you for miles you will draw so
many people out of cover when you're on
fire yeah they won't even know what hit
they even know where are we going let's
go to the wait wait a bit this time
let's go don't stay in the thick of it
let's go to the tip the very edge tip
like it at like three oh three oh five
whatever that town is at the tip at 3:05
let's go there wait till Jack's signal
we're gonna we're gonna try yeah great
you're gonna get shot really quickly
then all right all right
can anyone else think the plane here are
you talking about where you're going I
don't know that's a great question might
be a little far for zhurqis Georgia
poles good
oh dude what is you the one else jump
they jumped out already
you dickhead we had a plan yeah sorry
I'm sorry just so enthusiastic
we had a hole found a car okay
that's right all right we're staying on
the big island right we're not going to
the small one a circle might affect that
decision I mean you know where are you
going you're going right into the water
no I'm gonna make it I'm going to the
tip we're coming to you I said oh oh my
god what oh my god this is where I
wanted to go oh my god well the other
person sensibly thought you're gonna
land somewhere under with a plane and
they didn't know you're gonna try and
fly this is where I said I wanted to go
and look I made it
easy-peasy you're the other side of
everybody else is it my fault they
didn't follow the plan
the carefully orchestrated plan it was a
very well thought-out plan thank you
I might die soon oh my god you're
awesome I have a machete that's it so I
have a motorbike except let's go save
jack I'm doing great there's no one over
here yes circle is all the way in
military base a very far away yeah it's
gonna be fine guys I need a gun I'm
actually running farther away I
shouldn't do that I should probably run
towards them I finished like third and I
didn't see anyone until I was shot
that's that happens all right fine okay
metal ven is down is dead already
all right we got one dead already oh
sorry I was just trying to turn to get
on the bridge should I follow Jack
should if there was a land oh yes okay
there we go there's a whole plan
happening and it's okay I mean we're
still we're working towards the plan no
the plan is not dead yet we just it's
it's kind of little hit cut I worry a
little hiccup
where'd you go
okay I got a tommy gun so I'm not
completely useless yeah I got it I got
newsy so if we get ripped if we get like
three feet away from someone I might be
able to shoot him Hey all right let's go
IRA come to pick up Jack yay Peter I
have no idea but we'll figure it out
three seater it's a three feet oh my god
it's a three theater if someone dead
someone yes see it all works out I need
I need a gun I have a handgun so far I'm
still looking for a gun permit I love it
when a plan bungles together we're
falling falling okay wait don't shoot
wait oh there
hey I don't I don't have a good gun how
much time we got well we got to don't
have any armor so I don't even have a
backpack got a police fast danger no no
one would be stupid enough to come over
to this side like I can't I don't have
the space for it
at the moment because I don't know now
oh now do I don't have a backpack you
see yeah but oh here we go here's a gun
fixed your backpack in here jack I'm
gonna mark
you're gonna what he's got a marked
other other way other homework that has
the detent okay I have it I have a
decent gun I have a medkit look a nice
helmet backpack all right let's rock and
roll people
let's rock and/or roll helmet in there's
open upstairs if somebody needs it
perfect I love it great car and popular
few people with my short-range weapon
great
Oh
I'm not gonna run you over all right
let's do this thing
plan
nope I really there we go that's what I
was trying to do nope
everything's fine everything's fine well
do great life where's the map where is
this shit we're very far it's okay we
have a motorcycle squadron codename
three blind mice
yeah it's gonna be fine I'm gonna make
it baby
oh yes yes go over the mountain Oh
oh it's fine it's fine it's fine it's
fine it's fine it's fine it's fine
see I'm a good driver shit shit shit
shit
we're gonna make it that doors open
let's not go there
we're gonna hunker down somewhere if I
want to get in the area first
okay yep I'm going towards the marker
thank you
oh gee it's fine fine fine
Oh time at time I'm a good driver
okay
is this it was like disappointing
moments in this game was finding out
that you could not drive a truck oh
right you can't what you cannot drive a
tractor or a bicycle like there's bikes
hanging around and you can't drive a
bicycle either let me need ya graphic
sight in here if anybody needs it
yeah is that a vehicle yes have you
never heard a vehicle before where's the
holographic sight it's right down here I
got a quick dropper and keep your eye
out for people I heard that that car and
that I don't hear anymore which implies
that somebody got out of the vehicle and
they're now wandering around with guns
bolting in the mapup somebody another
gun silenced yeah now want that to be
your first weapon of choice well this is
this is my this is my oh shit gun for uh
for like in case someone surprised me
I'll just spray them okay the other one
is my is my think about shooting people
gun if I could get a two time scope or
something don't get too far away from
anyone else oh shit
filling this little farm
all right we're getting close to one
all right leave banning the place or
what I don't see anything else here well
where's where's the next one spawning
we're about to find out let's go these
houses are keep on searching for better
weapons okay it's right on the way dudu
we're doing great
feel like we're doing great still alive
right all three of us that started the
game oh hey we're we're at 75 percent
that's pretty good that's a neat touch
all right here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go getting intense
on the new map you can drive minivans
I'm dying to see this new map its it
supposedly exists that it is pretty cool
overall do we have any people someone's
here
where
southeast hundred and thirty
top of the hill yeah they're going that
way away from us yeah but I shot at them
so that they might be coming towards me
okay
they're still here still on the hill or
they come towards the house is there
still one out there he's coming around
yet he's walking around the house jack
okay can I get you I'm crawling towards
you
he'll help watch it watch it
Suns coming coming it wasn't bad I
killed a couple people you did no I
think I accident I think I accidentally
hit the that stupid what do you call the
sensitivity - sensitivity button and so
like it wasn't moving as fast as I want
ah
Jax pan oh I know I definitely panicked
but that didn't die right away yeah oh
yeah this is hold on there we go blue is
what we're looking for here hey let's do
one more let's do it let's do one more
at least with this group yeah let me
take a little break to go to bathroom
sir anyway you can you can force it to
play that goddamn other map I don't owe
her a thing you can clip for preference
yes ask the chat while I go to bed
chan I'm waiting for responses is there
any way to at the very least increase
the odds of getting the desert map nope
keep quitting too you get it that seems
lame
as everyone on the team updated well I
do not know I know it is really odd that
we have not gotten the new map yet
but odds can be funny like that I mean
you can flip a coin you get you can get
heads ten times in a row
it's a blad MCU music is not in
guardians of the galaxy
which are you good at this game I'm not
very good at multiplayer shooters I I
don't enjoy them and therefore I I don't
get much practice with them it's like a
feedback loop the the honest truth is
the absolute honest truth is I prefer my
shooters to be just power fantasies and
multiplayer is built on balance and it
being fair for everybody but you're
playing Call of Duty where if you just
play more you get the better weapons to
start with by grinding but regardless
regardless I perform my shooters to be
more like doom
wish list for doom - I don't want more
doom i I don't I I don't have a wish
list I'm curious to hear what they're
going to do with it and I guess new
enemy types wish for what doom - oh yeah
more guns more enemies more violence
alright alright oh maybe maybe some
zombie soldiers that are more
reminiscent of the classic doom zombie
men unless like the big goofy monsters
with the energy blast I don't know sure
sure sure
doom on earth and make it jr. I like
that make it do me er well it'll
probably be on earth they'll probably go
that route sure sure
alright let's see if we get the new map
new map new map new map no whammies no
whammies no whammies you're going to be
the big badass who everyone is it on
yeah oh oh we're on fire again no new
map we're just gonna play until we get
that new map oh wait that's too much
that's not enough that's too much
that remember that big sword from the
very end of doom where the artifact
turns out it's actually just a big
glowing red sword yeah I would love that
to be an upgrade for the chainsaw tell
me that wouldn't be awesome that would
kind of be awesome like halfway through
the game you recover that and it's your
new chainsaw weapon okay Oh metal van no
we got middle VIN who are we missing
jack this server is lagging
Jack yeah we the server's lagging so you
might have lost one of our teammates Oh
No well then it's just the three of us
Lex why what I said we can restart and
try getting back yeah okay sure let's
let's all exit to lobby okay
exiting do we remember who it was no
who's my teammate I do not
oh hey there there van Duren metal
villian alright let's try again come on
y'all let's do it that's okay van Duren
we're here
we're here and now we got a second
chance at desert map go desert map go
desert map I I'm starting to doubt it's
gonna happen something is going on this
guys there's got to be a reserve met
desert man I hear crickets
I hear crickets oh no dang it

[Part III]
Oh No dang it oh let's go excuse excuse
you
Zim Bobby says hey rich ever played Star
Wars dark forces
it's an FPS from 1995 and I'm certain it
influences the plot for the new films to
play a stormtrooper turn rebel steals
the Death Star plans etc public art
forms it back in the day why I said I'm
fond of the dark force of games and fly
fighter games
something-something is a federation 1st
of the Federation birth of the
Federation I have not for a Star Trek
fan I've played shockingly few Star Trek
games oh yeah real time strategy you
guys want to try them out on top again
anything you want
mountaintop like okay so we'll wait till
where can you right-click the
mountaintop we're talking about this
mountaintop I'm talking about that right
there boom okay tell her you're going
nowhere near it I don't know all right
you know what you know what it's fine
it's fine
see there no it's fine okay ready 3 2 1
go all right I'm gonna get a vehicle so
we can get there I'm gonna mount a
mountain there's only one mountain the
mountain with no loop on it and I would
have believed you you believed in me
that little as a leader I could leave in
you that much there we go thank you we
could still have one rich ever play star
wars the force unleashed you mean that
Star Wars game with the stupid Jedi and
I don't like Jedi's and he does the
absurd Jedi things that I think are
silly and it's kind of like a bad god of
war clone oh yeah I don't know I I
played a little bit of it I hated it
okay if I'm gonna run around with a
lightsaber in a game I'm gonna play Jedi
Outcast sure
dark forces three Jedi Knight two Jedi
Outcast
if you say it properly it's got a ton of
different names hey don't you know more
name the game has better the game it's
true oh my god guys we're inside the
circle we did it I haven't landed yet
but you believe the super powered Marine
that overcomes demons of Hell oh I don't
believe that I understand it's fiction
but here's the thing I just don't like
the Jedi I got nothing against uh Space
Marine fighting demons but Jen I just
don't appeal to me in a general sense
sure I am you guys want to come with me
in the vehicle or are you good did you
play Jedi Academy too well see the Jedi
are everything I hate about Star Wars
and you play as can I stand in that my
preference is outcasts
you see me up here and for one the doom
Marine who beats the shit out of hell
that's some that's that's just metal
that's metal as fuck and I love me some
metal and I do and you know what he
doesn't defeat hell using magic Jedi's
learn they're not metal they're not
metal they're smooth jazz right and I
don't like smooth jazz I like heavy
metal sorry what were you saying when I
was being a jerk and interrupting you
sure - total jerk
you got a minute hey sorry they don't
the do marine doesn't use magic or his
feelings to defeat the demons he uses
gun arguably in the nude doom he's a
little bit magic yeah let's go to
Stalberg Star Wars is like Jedi is like
Phil Collins wait and by the way Collins
but I'll take some ac/dc some Metallica
just you know sometimes you're in the
mood sometimes it's in the air tonight
you know I installed her I'm going up
the fucking mountain don't worry I got
this I'm gonna dive really soon be
ironic it's like we drove off the cliff
by accident
look let's not talk about Star Wars last
Jedi spoilers please some another chance
thank you alright if you're at all
interested in the movie why haven't you
seen it by now yeah I think we're famous
below and I think in the chat I'm gonna
the leash is officially off absolutely
we're done like it's it's been out for
what a month now yeah yeah well not
quite maybe close to it I think it's
been out a month apparently driving up
the mountain it's not the greatest idea
you drove off a mountain what are you
guys doing we didn't drive off I'm on
top of the mountain and we're trying to
drive there oh we have a vehicle now so
we're safe city our Slayer now the Sith
or nickel pack oh snap
there is nothing metal about Star Wars
I'm sorry
got a nice helmet in here we're gonna go
right into the ruins and don't take the
helmet and I got a shotgun if anyone
wants a shotgun
there's a backpack on the balcony of
this building if anybody needs it I
think Han Solo is pretty middle Han
Solo's like classic rock yeah oh that's
good that's good yeah he's classic rock
it's like he was hard for the time but
times they are a-changin the friend
classic rocks fine
like grandpa thought he was a little too
much you know I'm saying yeah he's
grandpa Rock Star Trek is Kenny G all
right the next gen is just straight-up
classical music oh my god I'm so sorry
I pressed the wrong button that was me I
I don't know even what button I was
trying to press and I'm very very sorry
yeah well you know like a rifle oh hey
there's a rifle I know your gun works
now my gun works don't worry I don't
have an extra scope I picked up a red
dog and they using this mg extended
quick-draw T and G and T watch this it's
just it's just flat-out classical music
Deep Space nine that's like you know
like symphonic rock like some fun
symphonic Pink Floyd prog rock yeah
thank you
then voyageurs like some phonic
Nickelback oh oh like Nickelback with
the Philharmonic or it's like it sounds
bad I guess right right that's exactly
what it is it's like it sounds like it's
oh they're talented but it's still they
go back yeah yeah we're the only ones up
on this mountain how nice we get our
pick of the lute and we're on top of the
fucking mountain trenchcoat yeah all
right there we are what is the insane
clown posse of TV or movies question in
the chat it's a fair question it's a
fair question
Oh is anyone a really good shot because
there's an there's an eight-time scope
who wants it the DC movies all I have is
an ak-47 which is not good for an 8 x ok
well then I might have the best gun for
it so I'll take it but I'm not a good
shot no no it doesn't fit on my gun
there's another red dot
okay so what's the game plan here do we
want to like face Southwest and wait for
people to come up the mountain and pick
them off as they come up unless we hear
somebody coming it's not a whole lot to
do at the moment
all right here our vehicle actually
there's a vehicle Northwest are you in
the circle yeah we're in the circle I
see them they're at 300 for me right
outside the ruins
going into the pillbox octagonal
we can do this we can do this don't sit
too close now they're close but don't
don't be I want the Frank I think at the
end that Epcot thing here things alone
the loan guys what no he's not oh my god
oh I don't know why you would think he
was alone because I only and where's
that coming from
blanket sorry sir
there two of them here another one over
here by me reviving you thank you I
sorry guy it's not a guy over here at my
jack right behind the wall careful
behind the wall dead nice job work good
work nice teamwork nice teamwork
shotguns good calling it out good
calling it out everybody see if we can
loot their corpses here oh oh who needs
bandages med kits painkillers all that
fun stuff first aid who needs it someone
take it it's all it's all in the box
yeah the two times scope that's the good
stuff I got a system please ask the
powers that be now please please please
restock the very cool nerd shirts and
the lightning-fast patches I would sell
my firstborn to the demon of Louise Cole
for them I'm not sure what's going on
with it I know you know we might have
sold out of stuff just for the holidays
but and you home I thirty-five I click
over here by the loot thing is there
anything else in the blue boxes worth
taking oh I took the five five six how
low are you do you need some I have none
okay weapons all right there you go
I'm actually kind of surprised that we
all survived here that's happened it's
all in my gun already Jack is the one he
did Jack did not take a hit and I killed
someone present yeah I did it anybody
where excope and the 2x coat
rich where did you get that Santa hat
where can I get one I got it at Kohl's
and I don't know that you can get them
anymore because it's not exactly in
season right now it's no longer the same
thing time yeah all right
then you go get some more shotgun ammo I
got to make sure there's more laying
around I just didn't pick it up so I
didn't think I'd use it it's all I got
oh I have some shot I have some shotgun
mi my shotgun has an arrow stuck in it
look get hit with a crossbow no my gun
did well yeah thanks
or my backpack oh it went away nice
so we're just gonna hang up here until
the circle closes again probably no to
end up being circle up here again I have
like very few bullets we're gonna see oh
you got nothing neither
he's got the crossbow jack and you gotta
make every shot count
that's what you gotta do yeah I noticed
that but I'm not usually that good at
you know aiming eating things most take
your time take time I'm gonna take this
sickle just in case you know I've never
actually had like the opportunity to use
you're a pro player you'd be using it
all the time
so graphic with the eight-time scope
doo-doo-doo-doo I'm gonna crawl around
this rock see if I can get a view it
down the mountain see if anyone's
hanging out just below us what are they
doing the end is nigh for agdq Oh that'd
be neat to not hear my voice because
they skip over as much as they can
well yeah well but usually cutscenes
don't count towards know they do oh they
do you skip yeah the timers outside the
game oh okay
I'm pretty ignorant as to how this game
works how do you win to be the last team
alive that's it and it's a large map
anybody losing smg's occasionally the
area you're allowed to stay in shrinks
there's like a circle that occasionally
shrinks and if you're if you're outside
of that circle you start losing health
if you're inside the circle you might
get bombed right Oh is there as oh yeah
see this red circle that means bombs are
dropping that and but yeah basically
it's just find all the guns and shoot
all the other people that's it either
walk through yes nyah or drive are we
all together let's make sure well past
it we browser drive yeah
the vehicles on the top still do
mountain still that's right near me I'll
pick it up
careful going this down the side of the
mountain though it's pretty steep
yeah one of the one of the draws to this
game is just its simplicity its it's
just a map and there's not complicated
rules you just you know you wander
around and then you're cannon fodder for
better players aha I'm stealing for
somebody other Jack we're doing
credit work you can't just take jokes
out that well I thought I could you can
do it believe in yourself
judge brownie Fay said Bai for better
players okay
whoa innocence the physics on the
vehicles have changed it into the 1.0
release drive a lot different than they
used to
yeah yeah they're a lot more realistic a
little a little slight here which is
nice which Evans Jojo fever you're
crediting the person who came up with
the joke
we're gonna take a job went past it
protip shoot out the tires of a car when
you abandon them yeah
yeah going to stop the car oh yeah that
makes it extra slightly for anyone else
was that oh you shot the tires yeah you
were pro tipping it there's people at
170 probably at the complex
they worship I heard shots from 170
right after you you know let's do it
let's go let's go up there and oh yeah
they're up there southwest sprinting
they're getting more so so that's now
five muscles to different people wait
for everyone to catch up then if you're
gonna attack them this a tackle but if
you're gonna tackle these people tackle
them as a group
I have grenades I guess going in there
already is great
roofs clear oh this is more weapon thick
tickler assault rifle more ammo ammo was
an issue ammo is a slight issue you
might want to switch it up just for that
I have exactly the same amount of 760 -
we should get back in the car and give
me a key VB my five five six pack Jack
okay great
who said that that was me
okay okay alright take this back I'll
keep the AKM thank you alright you don't
back to the car and you need seven six
you shout out the tires to the car oh
that's right yeah but then let's roll
motherfucker
jack is the one through back you know
someone we should not expect I mean
watch our six sound great there's a
great
that's like it the best
jack is the king of hunkering down I am
the hunkering down master you you're the
that's where I learned hunkering down
from rich Evans
is that a person no vehicle North three
yep great North what get closer
across the bridge I guess he's just on
the crossroads of cars this is it's hard
to tell
hard to tell from here I do need 760
desperately if someone has extra I have
500 where are you I have a hundred but
both my weapons or 7000 shit someone
shooting at me someone shooting at me
serpentine serpentine serpentine
I got a bandage it's alright you see
anyone so East 165 you think they're in
the house I saw a guy behind that gate
shit I'm shot shit I'm dead okay it's
okay
live on conquer without me you can do it
and I get them we got the guy in the
house
yet in 716 yeah you are
but looting my corpse that's fine no
that's fine
no that makes perfect goddamn sense look
sensitive Jess we report him report him
no that was definitely a bot the auto
aim he got me I think I think he went
around the wrong side of that tree well
I was hoping to catch him in the window
and shoot him yeah after you're down huh
after you're down sure what the other
way I think it came from the houses lead
um lead them well it could be lag it
could be like I think they hit him yeah
so like it might look like they're
shooting behind them but it's just
that's just our leg from viewing it
I want to chat it either in guys alive
m24 Oh on the hill way to left to left
snipers paradise yep D'Andrea play ahead
you're the only ones left
I'm getting hit from every side yes
state stay down pally I don't think I'm
not sure he can see I'm not I'm trying
to get to this tree I'm pretty sure he's
up the hill so you're too steep of an
angle from him so much loan do you get
up on you don't brush me no right now
like see his red bars come on come on
CLE head you got this are they raising
their teammate yep
we're gonna come at me pretty pretty
yeah left side of the building I don't
think they know you're there they're
aiming somewhere else they might be
aiming at other people I'll stay down
what other people take care of each
other you can do a clean body there's a
med kit on it no guys in that shed fuck
it fuck it
oh my god up 1000 hey good way to go
guys way to go my name is crushing this
oh man yeah we were all very light on
ammo look at that look at this guy yeah
yep just a good sniper definitely not an
aimbot oh well great hey that was great
everybody that was pretty good that was
pretty good we still need that new map
though that's for sure fo sho right
all right yeah let's get a new let's get
a new new tinder group new group new
team okay
let's see who's a thief crunky wants to
play
vapor I don't think we played with vapor
okay
okay so we invited crunky we invited
vapor and guile hi guile then I was
dressed like a hard-ass
yeah is
not just pick the desert map apparently
not no it's it's random
all right well then we'll go to who we
had last time so we're off switch and
how about how what
I miss pipes oh we all miss pipes
agdq is down for some reason so hi guys
hey we'll take your consolation
temporarily temporarily all right let's
rock and roll
28 dresses gentlemen you can travel back
10 years and give your younger selves
one piece of advice what would it be
other than buy Bitcoin mm-hmm by Apple
Stark even 10 years gonna be too
expensive yeah you gotta go you gotta go
before like before the IPAB yeah before
the iPad launch you get into Apple stock
and you'd be you'd be set I think they
meant just like personal advice though
fucking hell no this map again I want
the new map hey hello hello hello my mic
problem hey you welcome can you hear us
absolutely nice do it control-t
guy in the back of the head okay where
do we want to go guys do we want to just
drop right away and go into this first
little mountain right here the one to
the left yeah let's do it
drop it right away head to the radio
tower oh no oh no let's go right right
below us to this like shipping area here
all right that looks pretty sweet we're
gonna get in a firefight like right away
FTL came of a Nintendo switch when I
play it on the toilet
probably not toilet games need to be
quick yeah but if it's on switch you
could start somewhere else and move it
to the toilet no that's fine okay
like Tetris that's totally I was asleep
I'm just gonna get this boat what's up
what else is there what's that thing
some kind of scope or something from him
a cheek pad for a sniper he get it it's
good okay all right where's where's the
rest of our team let's go catch up with
a guy oh this way of switches in a boat
he's in a boat why driving something
don't think you're doing a very good job
of catching up with guy old jack
damn it it's fine they found me I don't
know how but they found me
Jack's plan of shooting a shotgun
randomly and jumping on top of the roof
didn't seem to work out well
oh no I'll play which is down
Oh Oh switch off switch is dead I see
them they're on top of the canisters
containers
one of them's going around the corner
I'm coming to you jack where are they
they are to the south don't worry I
found him that's some amazing timing by
the way can we help you no shit
do-do-do-do guile guile help us there's
one right around the corner I'm not here
I'm not here oh this is gonna be close
this is gonna be close look one hour -
give it meaning
well that sucked let's try again wait
wait I'll stop lying in it no because
when you get this screen it's done Wow
all right will do again will drool try
again it's never okay it's never a good
idea just to jump out of the plane right
away never a good idea let's not do that
again
let's go again but I like that it's like
rogue one our deaths give it meaning
it'll be great
it'll be great guys we're gonna do fight
we're gonna do we're gonna do big things
big great things great big ly things you
know hot coffee
really delicious iced coffee super
delicious room-temperature coffee is ass
garbage it's just not good it's just
it's I don't you know I don't like first
person first person mode then if you
play this in first person mode it's like
a horror game
oh no map no map we did it we got em you
can aim better you can aim better but
you know you don't get the the the field
of view it's more important to aim
better well but you can always zoom in
in first-person mode you you you can to
get this view now it's for like around
corners but in general I don't know if
it's that big a deal
your enemies can pick around corners I
don't like it very much that's a biggie
around quarters sure all right here's
the new map where we going guys someone
pick a spot and market aren't there
servers that are first-person only yes
go here okay I like it
yeah there are servers at our first
personality all right ready
yep and go yeah they're servers that are
first-person only inside like I get the
aim part but to me it's so
claustrophobic that it that it freaks me
out
you jump right away
yeah no not right away where's everyone
else
yeah they're like over all alone no
we're here oh yes no there's other teams
okay fuck fuck fuck
I I miss calculated my job that's fine
I'm coming yeah I'm coming
look at this this is neat looking
okay weapon weapon house
that doors all of us jack oh no that
actually there's there's not a lot of
doors in this one huh which makes it
very uh that's different yeah so the
handle there I might not be able to
carry it that guys doing down there it
got an Uzi and the shotgun great level T
Armour all alone all alone
haider suppressor
I could use some armor could use some no
buy already have a backpack bandage this
one might need later
great great we're doing great right
grade yes yes thank you
rip oh great great
all right I got some shit I'm gonna come
down to meet you guys all right
I finally got some shit
Oh we're not too far away from the
circle that's good there's a truck over
here should be people around yeah it's a
little bit further than usual though
that was me again fine it's fine
I I don't know what it is but I figure
my finger just like likes to rest on the
trigger I don't know why I don't
understand it rich it's my fault it's
fine it's fine you're not used to my
mouse contours remember they're just
different enough right that's it I'm
gonna blame your mouse thanks I really
could use an assault rifle if anyone
sees an extra sawed-off shotgun you
probably want that yeah I do
I see one more place to check sorry man
you need you need long-range yourself
you only got an SMG I know you got you
got to close range weapons Jack listen
it's not ideal but it's what I got we
gotta meet up with the team we got it
home and we have a minute and a half
we'll be fine
I'm shocked you didn't counter anybody
over here honestly right well I think
they're like a lot of people have this
map is fairly new so I think a lot of
people are just getting used to the map
still find in the areas they like
this is the one you read no no that's
different
hey guys let me go idle for that who
love what you do
what so I need trump to gun on the
ground
oh just another shotgun yeah I'll take
it
okay I got the shells rock and roll
check our six Kyle's got our six look
you don't want to go do this inside the
circle
okay picado gets a lot of action let's
stay away from the action let's work
okay let's you know be alive Oh perfect
let's go with the action is crash we're
on Oh what did we hit gosh dang it I
have energy drink I have energy drinks
and painkillers and bandages and a
first-aid kit if anyone needs stuff I
got shit
everything's fine
there's no problem
so they need to adjust the car physics
no it's fine
oh shit
yes Paul right we're gonna see some
explosions let's go it's gonna be turned
into a Michael Bay movie over here
everybody practice your comedy crash
we're gonna make it we're gonna I mean
we might make it for those who do oh no
only 61 alive all right good okay we're
in the circle let's get out of that red
it's fine we made it we're making it
we're making it get out of the red zone
there's that sound you didn't want to go
to great let's go another vehicle to be
all right let's start losing
let's find a building them get them get
in there
let's go in this building this business
five five six i'ma one month where I'm
at NATO market thank you sir
I did it eventually okay seven six - got
some gas I got two cars many gas that
comes up you want to stay indoors right
now well we want up where we're Luton
man you're in the red zone huh you're in
the red zone
I'm under a thing get in sight there we
go
I have so much nine-millimeter ammo I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna light up
anyone
baby back
how you doing everybody's still alive
where's Everywhere's guile oh there you
are
where's off switch oh there you are okay
great
anyone need a energy drink or painkiller
I could use one oh there's people
outside people outside the south or five
sorry that's five is that someone coming
behind us
no that was me running behind oh great
hi what's up what's up anybody see any
movement out there nope
great we're doing great
and then they enemy I add that north
from my position from row selection wait
you're right
no that might have been that might have
been Kyle
okay window to story at fifteen from my
position I don't have a scope second ten
building behind the billboard I'm going
to push them
coming up to me doing it lit up right in
front of me what Jack what just run
straight out there and run around and be
the tracker on the Monica sorry I'm
being such your play tackle Jack I'm
gonna push into this building where are
they where do you start right there at
the doorway the building right in front
of me and the window my know-how what
way ahead of you way ahead
straight north from me oh there's a
there's a there's a truck come into
coming down straight north
nice shot Kyle
this fucking game who's fuckin good
right now who is that where did they
come from that's not what I wanted to
press
who was that and where did they come
from oh hello if I came off that yeah
God there is some shit happening out
there I am nowhere near any of this is
that a vest you want to change your
bulletproof vest no I have a good fight
let me take out a few hands might fine
okay where are these people are shooting
at now on the hill on the hello
oh shit they're in the zone now
no I know I know what to do I know to do
I got this I got this I know what to do
I'm coming for you guy I'm gonna get a
truck they are right behind you jack up
the hills Oh
oh good poke it poke it looking yeah
looking it booking it right into the
explosive zone great fucking hell
well let's hope we don't die but we
might die be fine
great never done it in the red zone
great time is not on your side you got
to cut through tickets no no that's like
a valley over there gotta be smart gotta
be smart wait for the road wait for the
road you're gonna die it's gonna be fine
good be fine gonna be fine gonna be fine
oh I'm gonna die
we made it he made it he made it he made
it okay off I'm gonna finally fix my
sight yep
whoo do you need a painkiller no all
right let's roll
perfect damn it
all right where are we rolling to
anywhere the answer is anywhere whoo
that was close rich I know that was
extremely that was just super close
there's a whole firefighter I literally
did not see a soul yep yep die dress
bring them over Jack buck the Foley's
coming straight from the underground
where are they good side of the circle
they'll come to you
everything's fine
I saw them too late
whoopsy dupes let's see what that looked
like I don't I don't know guys I think
he was hacking I think it was hacking I
should probably report them I stir-fried
definitely a report definitely report
that guy I love how they say I didn't
see anyone the entire match as their
buddy is desperately shooting people
right I know that somebody else saw
people I'm saying that watching Jake
play I had no idea where any of these
shots weren't coming at or going - it's
fine everything's fine
that was it you know we made it decently
far on that one reported yep reported he
literally missed every time it was it
was a joke I know he was not in the body
a hacker
I understand this is first map people
are shooting back to the old map you can
even come back yeah no I think what's
our uptime uptime looking at is 912
we're starting at 5:30 three hours oh
wow yeah nice this is probably the last
one then
okey-dokey last one then punch in the
back punch kidney punch kidney punch
kidney punch your kidneys are fucked now
good luck peon
that's a terrible catchphrase swatches
rich hates this game he sure seems to be
having fun watching Jack fail at it well
it's different than playing it that's
just entertainment
what's the plan there okay I like it
let's do it
I like that plan let's plan that out you
know that's the other thing you know
when a lot of people when they were
talking about like Game of the Year for
last year something that didn't even
cross my mind was Friday the 13th yeah
even though like we had a ton of fun
playing it we reviewed it very heavily
but it's also like what makes a good
stream game is sometimes different than
what makes just a good game I played
Friday the 13th funny times Australia oh
yeah oh no I mean as did I but it would
be in the running for me oh sure it
would be but I'm what I'm saying is I
forgot about it
am I the only one that jumped
but what
I'm switch everyone else is going
somewhere slightly different now what's
fine
I don't minds all right I think you
don't look at many people coming down
here in for mine
to people no one bind us just a few it
up kind of between us just a few will
make it rubberband ending a little bit
shit who is that oh that was Lola what
all I had was a red dot god there's
someone outside
there's someone up east
you get them yes I think so yeah girl
killed all three Oh Bob you go way to go
he's a sailing badass one yeah yeah
happy to have you on the team man happy
to have you on the team all right oh
we're not that far away from the from
the zone great
looted Oh bharden it was actually
nothing at what I wondered okay I am in
trouble just to go yeah it's a squad of
the ISIS over there oh you died did you
die
so if this ends really early yeah are
you going to do one more yeah okay
looting body
I'd like to think that I have and you
know I distracted yeah yes thanks Kyle
good backpack in here you can used to
shit we keep pressing that button
that was me that was me that was me
everything's fine it's not a it's not a
full game unless I accidentally shoot
something you know it's fine
everything's fine don't worry about it
don't worry about it dad sighs oh my god
chiming gone all right shit what what do
you do
no thank you all right here we go
where are they now I'm stay down I'm
just uh moving where the hip well this
is where the death cam comes in handy
yeah where were they let's find out if
they were hacking or not definitely
hacking that's not me is it say they saw
me okay that's definitely hacking
definitely hacking all right water not
how they saw you with a bright blue
shirt on I officially apologize hold on
officially apologize how about a bright
yellow jacket now
there we go we'll just go we'll just go
shirtless that'll make it better
all right let's let's get that was a
short one let's get off and I said
literally like five minutes yeah let's
get one more one more one more one more
let's get a real one let's go the
distance go the distance now this is
Jack if you played for tonight battle
royale I have okay free to play and Pub
G with building aspects yes and the
building aspects make it very
interesting because like if you can
gather enough materials you can actually
like build your own cover oh yeah
which is neat and cartoony art style it
seemed alright it didn't have the same
kind of tension that battlefront ahead
yeah but it was neat and it's free it's
just a free game which is also you know
oh we end on the new map Fight Club 28th
dress says I called moon lights victory
last year okay so I'm just gonna go on
record now Wonder Woman is totally going
to win Best Picture this year Wonder
Woman three billboards deserves it but
Wonder Woman will win knots
I heard mediocre I have not seen three
billboards but from people whom I trust
I have heard very mediocre things about
three billboards well I guess I guess if
any comic book movie is going to win
Best Picture
uh-huh they give it to Wonder Woman
because I don't know they're making some
kind of statement I mean it's also a
good movie it's fine it's not Oscar
worthy it's nowhere near Oscar worthy no
no I don't think so have they announced
yeah I like it but just in theory if
Hollywood's gonna give an Oscar to a
comic book movie yeah it's going to be a
Wonder Woman sure is it have they
announced even Oscar like who's who's in
nominating it I don't know I'm not
usually February I have no idea
I just have no idea
I just don't know and I don't care uh I
think you know like if we're gonna be
playing that card then it's gonna go to
something like get out right uh-huh
if we're gonna play the they're gonna
nominate someone solely based off of
social pressure get out it has much more
hype around it in the arthouse community
we lost two people yay
oh guy Ellen off switch they didn't make
it off the plane perfect okay that's
fine that's fine that's fine
all right stuck on some rocks
I'm stuck on some rocks okay I got off
the rocks it's okay all right all right
all right all right
do we think we lost them forever
like are they just afk yep they're yeah
yeah we could try again if you like ah
you know yes there's gonna be the last
run of the game I try again you want to
yep but then we might not get the cool
map yeah but you're done to people and
it kind of screws out everywhere else I
don't know yeah I know man all right
let's let's go back to the lobby okay
cool app I know I know
all right here we go
the post has Tom Hanks and is directed
by Steven Spielberg and it's you know
super topical with like you know
reporters and you know reporting on
political things yeah post might get
some nods there's a whole lot of
what-ifs I but I also just don't care
mm-hmm that's the real story here I just
could not care
hmm my guess is like baby driver will
win Best Original Screenplay or best
editing best editing baby driver just
because it's so obvious snap and a bunch
of matter the Oscars is one of those
things people should not care about yeah
somehow people do it says coffee for
mana and yes yeah that is an accurate
statement yes Blade Runner Blade Runner
oh yay cool map Blade Runner will get
recognition it'll be you know for like
sound design Freddy Krueger themed
person maybe oh that person yeah uh yeah
that looks like a Freddy Krueger shirt
break it out of here we
all right all right all right all right
where we going this time uh we could try
the same spot you know I liked that yeah
I like that spot okay that's you know
slightly near this the the drop point
but that's fine that's fine
just dive dive dive when it's time not
yet obviously sorry van don't I said
that all right ready rock and roll Oh
your puppy says just wanted to say I
love and appreciate your content the
stream has been fantastic by the way
thank you we do a weekend
I feel always odds with us yeah we've
got a few squads with us yep great but
try to make my way towards you no guns
up attract this to be more no guns up
here oh my God why is it so dark why is
it so dark I Jack that's me upstairs now
you know how this works there's no
guarantees for anything oh shit we got
we got fire already
I'm not know usually you keep making fun
of my shirt I'm not putting a shirt on
okay next to us East West where West
West I'm overlooking them they're in
Enid right now are like you maybe going
on someone
Oh No I thought I had the drop on him
I thought I had the drop on him that's
all right I - I did - I thought you're
gonna get the drop on her eye I didn't
see the gun I thought I thought they
were unarmed so I thought I'd be able to
like well I saw them had a gun but you
had a shotgun
close range and I thought you had the
drop on them yeah as it turns out they
had to drop I mean it was fairly close
oh well you got you guys did have the
drop but completely stop shooting once
in panic no Jack had the
double-barrelled I only had well I had
two shots yeah right that's fine it's my
team can go on and do well in my honor
so you're you're back in huh huh um gee
you're back in a little bit a little bit
the new maps really nice I you know like
I said it's it's it's significantly less
frustrating with the killcam feature
just because like it helps me like when
I make a mistake it's like oh I didn't
check all angles before going into a
house that was my bad and there was
someone just waiting for me and I know
that so the killcam helps it's there's
still some bullshit moments I feel but
yeah it's not this new map is cool I
like I like all the shit in it so yeah
I'm back in it back in it for a little
bit anyway splitting my time between
this and overwatch right now just
because I love overwatch new competitive
seasons about start which I don't really
I don't do competitive but it's fun to
watch
apparently Mercy's gonna get some some
nerfs which I'm not happy about because
I think mercy is a huge badass right now
which is why she's getting some nerfs
I'm falling back into Dead Rising I am
I'm considering trying to get all the
unlockable stuff on the PC but nuts
that's it that's a lot of work
seven-day survivor infinite Mojang
that's longer than the main game
that's like 15 hours of playing the game
yeah one sitting that's crazy
from Southwest to you can do it rich
I've done it before I kind of cheese the
hell out of it grab a ton of food I was
just sitting on a roof whose Ami's
couldn't get at ya nothing wrong with
little cheese nice huh what nice one we
saw that the stream got to see you being
a total badass and Geils a total badass
I'm here also now you know how I feel
off switch every time I play this and me
too
throwing a grenade uphill went up
because it falls back down
hey sue
oh nothing yet they're up the hill I'll
be down - oh my god they're ever done
this if they're everywhere
oh I almost got him how what is down off
switch is almost down off switch just
bleeding out no that's fine wait I can
make it inside you can do it Kyle's not
gonna help him any way he could make it
inside the house - badass - help
I know he's an army of one man he works
alone there doctor he's preserving the
team if the T you know he went in a cart
I have a car 51 about new scopes
where's father
yeah he's right in a circle everyone
stop
you can move my your loop you move on
your little okay it's a good idea to do
that so no one shoots you I uh think I
even realized you could your
expectations that's the exactly
that's exactly what it was and doesn't
that keep you interested subverting
expectations doesn't I just keep
everyone interested I think it does
that's why I'd like like that's why I
like the subverting of the expectations
like oh I didn't expect that now I'm
interested
it's a fine everything's fine
oh yeah oh man we are doing great white
insects
scrape nice he's best head back
nice calling out the shots Kyle you're a
machine you are a looting machine pub G
terminator right like for me it's like
oh maybe I'll go over there see what's
over there maybe I'll stick around
oh yeah it's like for me it's like
shopping like oh maybe I want this maybe
I be nouns
so Center nice
it's tiny everything's gonna find
everything so fine everything's
everything's fine this game just make
you understand like free animals and why
it's awesome to have an eye on either
side of your head right it's like yeah
you ever under wonder why uh wild
animals are so cagey and run at the
first sound or the first sight of
anything it's because death comes from
everywhere I intellectually knew some of
these things but now I understand them
just like bird birds constantly going
like this can't stand still because if
you stand still you die yeah yes yeah
it's great this should be taught to
children can't stop moving or will die
in this scenario jack is the baby bird
Niall is the Puma yes yes without a
doubt
so as mazed and confused i run away at
the first provocation
I'd say Jack looks more like the baby
birds egg but because I'm bald
I get it the game's graphics look better
than you remember that that might be
some optimization with the official
release because this is the 1.0 this is
no longer early access but the official
release so they might have polished
things up
what are they polish just the graphics
just making things look extra pretty and
this is the new magnet map such
different textures everything so they
want that to look extra pretty yeah goes
for the ground I'm assuming there's some
recycled buildings in this map
everything's got a fresh coat of paint
what's in here what's in here I know
exactly what I need and this is not what
I write like right like I can't make
decisions this fast as fast as guile is
doing this I just I cannot process why
I'd like to take my time come compare
and contrast oh what's the effective
range on this one if you knew the game
if you knew the game really well yeah
you're really dedicated to the game you
could get to that point maybe you take a
glance now this is what I need look at
for him I don't know like I start out
like perhaps somewhat Rifles you like
you know that so you end up just right
right oh sure but I think it just takes
me a while just to even recognize what
it is on the ground like I have no
concept so right now jack yeah who's
stream is this oh this is God's work at
this point we we are we're the color
were the color commentary we're both
just sitting here watching but it is
interesting I'm investing in guiles
stream what we're providing the color
commentary and you know that's fine
that's what we do theoretically rich
this is the perfect stream for some
people because now we can talk about pop
culture stuff without ever having to
worry about either was playing the game
I'm sure for a large number of our
audience this is a perfect stream yeah
yeah I can talk about how I saw I saw
the doctor who we could hire someone you
know just come in and play games outside
and just like play games we're not gonna
put you on camera and you don't get to
talk no unless we ask you only speak
when spoken to
I like it I like him
I caught up on the new Doctor Who cuz
you know we're getting a new showrunner
and a new doctor and so I'm gonna give
that a try
watch the the episode that was the
crossover episode and I thought it was
rather dull yeah I prefer with who it
was Peter Capaldi and it was his last
episode as the doctor see when I say
crossover with who you're supposed to
say yes no that's a good joke that was
and they got they got some look-alike
actor who looks like I'd like the very
first doctor okay and so he was meeting
up as the doctor with the first doctor
that's a pretty amazing truck right
get on top of a mountain and shoot
everyone look at this but uh you know if
you're a fan of any given doctor that
episode is kind of just it's more
fanservice than actual episode yeah it's
just like yeah it's uh you know give a
proper goodbye to this actor and because
I haven't been watching any of the
computer Capaldi stuff that stuff didn't
matter to me and then just at the very
end he dies and we get our new doctor
this is doctor do supposed to have been
good was it a good run for him I I heard
I heard a lot of people liked it yes
guys that's sort of a so he was
absolutely shite but he was great hahaha
anyway situation I know exactly what
you're talking about like you just you
like the actor more than the scripts
they are given yeah Pierce Bronson is
bond for me oh yeah he makes it you made
a great bond
Oh Oh trucks rolling away but but now
it's there's no more Steven Moffat and
he was that he was the one who killed
the doctor who as far as I'm concerned
he he was I did not like the direction
he was taking the doctor so there's a
new showrunner
the guy who did broadchurch if anyone
has seen broadchurch what one ghostie
broadchurch it's a great show a great
little cop show our people hating on the
new doctor because they're doing the
thing and no one said anything about the
new doctor as far as okay as far as I
know I'm not okay but everybody hates
the new dogs don't totally watch an
episode where then they're the favorite
absolutely and every time every time now
how does this work with with the doctor
I'm not that familiar with the character
yeah does the personality change
radically yes do they feel like they're
the same person like just does the new
Doctor Who wake up and say holy shit I'm
a woman this is weird or is just like
okay I want to go about my business
yeah they and they're usually like
there's a script moment where they're
like let's find out the kind of doctor I
am do I like cake you know like okay
they completely acknowledge that there
will be a completely different person
make loads of jokes about like taste
buds change yeah yeah so they're there
they're in on the joke which is great
now wasn't the doctor only supposed to
do that like so many times 12 B twelve
regenerations 30 I'm awesome doctor who
found the ladies I wouldn't normally be
quiet but how did they get around that
um the Time Lords it's all it's been
established for ages at the Time Lords
King give people more regeneration of
iron energy okay oh so he saved them
about three years ago and then they so
he just got because they're made up
rules and so they made up new rules oh
you get over twelve yeah cuz it's all
make-believe well the master used all
his original ones up years ago who's
another Time Lord and we got more so
it's always been okay okay so I mean
there's no real cannon they just make
off as they go along
Oh course the whole idea of regeneration
was made of because they wanted to fire
the actor right no he went like that's
gonna come free yeah the cow with a
brain disease or something oh man shows
but successful yeah a key yeah so they
got a new actor and
Patrick trailing replaced him and then
they made up a new rule I used an alien
so he can regenerate he's a different
actor now and so it just took like a
tradition then to only stick around for
a few years
present how popular okay for Tom Baker
he was seven years yeah tombé like how
many tenant had a ton of years or in BBC
terms that's a ton but like um oh I'm
gonna forget his name
my personal favorite doctor who was the
doctor before tenant that Chris
practices
Eccleston yeah Eccleston only had one
season well he wasn't popular so
type-cast was that he just he's like eh
you can't stand fine boys oh oh I know
that
oh yeah and oh is so like he decided to
leave because he didn't want to deal
with the fanboys free like pretty much
like he yeah
quite right serious actor I could tell
when he when he played that elf in Thor
the dark world dramas over a Muslim for
the BBC and all that and stuff and any
was also what pays right now and again
so oh sure ages Kyle's the man Kyle is
the man so as a Doctor Who fan what do
you think of the new doctor I like I
like they like women are some of the
ages ago
cuz that's kind of wait for the party
did you have you seen broadchurch do you
like her and Bron broadchurch how I seen
Froedtert yeah it's a nice it's a yeah
right everything's on the list is that
ever annoying though well you really
like one of the doctors and you just
like to see them stick around longer oh
yeah without Matt Smith I really liked
Matt Smith mm-hmm and I like I felt the
same like tenon who you know but did it
for whoa did it for four years like they
gave him I feel the biggest wank of an
exit episode he just like visited every
single actor in every single universe
and everyone was crying it was it was a
huge deal yeah stomping sad after a
while we like you know the old guy was
like talking to them and then after that
we were tearing I was just like
right like you know the end of Lord of
the Rings and where it's just like
everybody's happy and then it goes to
another place and everybody's even more
happy it was like that but was sadness
and then you get Matt Smith and you're
like who the fuck is this asshole
I joined you know you're emotionally
spent but yeah I'm Matt I like Matt
Smith as well he was just can't stop
killing people let's be happy he's on
our side now he gets to drive the
Mystery Machine because of people like
guile hunting you yeah yeah
absolutely holy shit not alive
holy shit looking for squads as well
actually
oh sure they're looking for a big group
and yeah he's he's the last of the
Mohicans just sneaking up behind people
oh that's true spoon of evil the end of
Tennant run also ended Davies showrunner
run oh the best run I mean that the
first season of Matt Smith was cool
oh wait or was it the second see what
was the season with the silence was that
the second Matt Smith season I was
parade yeah I think halfway through that
season this way and Steven Moffat either
sorry like he'll run there for Sherlock
I went right to shit yeah they're still
good after so it's about like oh sure
sure here and there but you know what
stop Neil Gaiman but they also just had
some utter crap the the the Angels Take
Manhattan the the one where he's in an
Old West town and his character traits
changed by the page it's it's terrible
but his run started really strong they
they had a really neat interesting alien
enemy of silence which was an alien
species that had a chemical trait where
you would forget about them the second
you weren't looking at them but so they
trained themselves to make little like
marks on their arms with sharpies and
then all of a sudden it would just cut
to their arms and they had a hundred
marks because they
one hundred times that is super creepy
and wonderful the way to feed that I
thought was six alive this is tense this
is getting real like hopefully we're not
distracting guile with our pop culture
talk it's probably useless at this point
Jesus fuck alright I hope it's not one
squad that's left this could kid
all right like establishing a base here
and then you know your left your left
your left that one whole squad excellent
run Kyle way to go way to go thank you
everyone thank you for playing oh man
that was crazy town that was crazy town
yeah by the way that was a good team
effort
that was do B sandwiches joke but you
know we all we all contributed in our
own ways terrible
we're we're just awful
we're just awful all right well pub G
come out coming back coming back in fun
times fun time okay hey everyone now is
the time in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during this
stream someone asked me over on the
steam messenger yeah why it is we don't
thank all of our subscribers even the
people who recent string and I said
listen it already takes us approximately
a half an hour to uh to thank these
subscribers you know you know what we
could do well this is a thought that
just popped into my be with me here
dedicate one bonus stream a month and
the only thing we stream is thanking our
subscribers everyone gets a comment we
address the comment everyone gets a
comment and we address the comment and
that like instead of doing this because
and you know I just thought about this
cuz I know you don't oh yeah this rules
the flow for for ending it ending on a
joke yeah yeah you know of course
there'd be a lot of retraining with the
chat because a lot of times their
comments talk about stuff we were
talking about here when they're Ries
absque Ribe but it would just be a bonus
stream once a month all of our
subscribers we find a way to like have
like a wall they write on or so no one
would watch it
that's impossible
where's the thing it's not just reading
the names though it's also talking about
the questions that are asked because
yeah because when people subscribe or
you know Rhys absque ribe or whatever
they also leave a comment and so that
would give us a little topic to talk
about yeah and we'll talk about that
thank our next think our next
you know it's just an hour or two bonus
give it a try think about it think about
it try sounds terrible or or yeah or we
just hire guile to play pub G while we
thank our subscribers we got a robot
voice to just read the names as they
subscribe yes okay I think that is
actually a thing that can happen and
that's that's possible substitution yeah
I don't know I'm how long do I think it
would take to thank all of our
subscribers every month I think it would
take hours quite possibly especially
with us chatting in between about the
thing I think it would take at least two
hours how do I get notified about
streams what what streams specifically
you talk about this bonus thing we're
just coming with a stream the stream in
general okay so mouthy Merc 49 there is
a way to follow us on Twitch obviously
you have a twitch account you follow us
on Twitter and then every time we go
live you get an email also we're pretty
regularly Wednesdays and Sunday evening
pretty regularly Wednesdays Sunday night
or you can follow us on Twitter at
previously our EC you know someone's
squatting on at prereq yeah and I
message them the other day I was like
hey you haven't used this account in
like five years
can I have the handle yeah I never got
back to me cuz they never use the
account yeah
so what squatting on it yeah I'd like it
I'm sorry
it's alright it's fine but it's not any
case you can follow us on Twitter day of
I always tweet what time we're about
going to start or follow us here on
Twitch okay that's how you do it alright
so now we think the subscribers everyone
who subscribed to us during this stream
much like turbo Dangerfield
who says somewhere in a parallel
universe pack jacquard and Evan Richards
are also thanking their witch
subscribers
like twitch subscribers but in the
parallel universe they are thinking
there which subscriber okay okay okay
mr. happy life says pub G streams my
favorite try hiding in a bush that's a
good trick always works
always works Skippy P Brown Larry Kenobi
1138 1-1 3-8 probably say tx1 1138 da
jacket of Lucas the George Lucas thing
I'm trying to think of how I said I what
I say I usually say 1 1 3 8 okay okay
for 27 fucking months in a row says poop
amaz l um tongue mark-up for 41
motherfucking months in a row holy shit
fuck development heck - f you forever
Ben 8 - 77238 dark Jack wolf 666
beautiful ho says I've been making
stupid decisions all day thanks for
making me sit down and stop making
things worse job 1 1 so there's no
better way to end my day than listening
the to hack Franz
but seriously love you guys keep
bringing joy and laughter to my life
glad they do it
Loki JK I fiery dog poop solo 5 6
underscores seven for twenty four
fucking months in a row who says oh my
god 24 months thanks for the streams
Saracen says thanks rich for convincing
me to buy Dead Rising 2 you're welcome
no we
mn4 15 months in Rose says if you can't
get through the beginning of b5 just
give it be fine that one 5
Babylon 5 the good stuff starts around
season 2 and the bests are season three
and four just like the next-gen special
recommendation for season 5 episode 2
the very long night of londo mollari
ok cleaned o1m tilt for 12 months in a
row who just wants to and say anything
he's just very surprised
just just go fingers how you read that
tarred car says 4/9 mother-fucking for 9
motherfucking cocksucking months in a
row trying to cheat the system
yeah shack soda flip Master Yoda
pretzels 1 3 3 7 no nerve old hand saw
for 17 months in a row says I'm dreading
going to work tomorrow it's like I
killed John Wick's dog oh yeah he's
coming for you that work and that's in
that situation work is John wick and
he's coming for you work is coming for
you Bob said it too fast miss chunky
chunky haha 0 carmel 1913 a thesis says
yay 7 months what's the best movie where
there are cartoon characters in the real
world in some way Who Framed Roger
Rabbit Space Jam cool world did you ever
see cool world yeah yeah it's not good
no it's not it's really cringe ly not
good it's weird it's really weird
I'm trying to think of like a joke Oh
Star Wars Force awakens rogue one
grandma target yeah yeah yeah slob stir
claw look my giggle J bags 5 crocodile
brain 38 motherfucking months in a row
bentham 99 D 1 Eric for 2 G 3 Nutley
perfect our Miller for 29 fucking months
in a row says in honor of Jack's pub
stream an imgur link that I can't
actually click on do this right now
yeah why not okay now right click you
know for some reason it's not right
clicking copy goat over to cuz this one
this isn't gonna show up whatever it is
we don't know what the fuck it is right
I not gonna copy it doesn't look piggy
kid can that work that works that's fair
that is how the wait whenever I run into
another person that is exactly how I am
yeah in pub G I mean in real life as
well thank Sarah Miller deejay idk why
Jim Docs oh man
99 78 for 13 months in a row says thanks
mates papa Riker and you have to do this
I go being just arrived I think respect
I've been just the right place to thrive
we can I do too in the back of the head
if a godfather 42 for 3/3
fuck my mic my mouth now I'm out of it
yes
it's Godfather 42 for 36 motherfucking
months in a row you would like a stunned
me would like a fund me tenders confetti
it's a 3d earth confetti it's like the
day of my daughter's birthday no it's
confetti there was also blood what the
fuck is that other people just don't
know the godfather in this day and age
no everyone knows the Godfather
everyone knows the Godfather II Doron
for 16 months in a row game child UK
Tiberius current for 28 fucking months
in a row says this is a test of the
emergency hack bot system if this had
been an actual emergency this message
would have been followed by urgent hack
pot instructions such as trap or what
asks this concludes the read this
concludes this test of the emergency
hack boxes wet ass the Sally HS and rail
means rail for thirty four fucking
months in a row was a monster we
scrolled and I lost my spouse I'm down
Oh towba Tobin the gnome budget Messiah
for 20 fucking months and a rose is
happy 2018 you hack frauds wave knows
1313 4:16
months in a row crooked spiral for 13
months in a row who says lucky number 13
keep up the great work guys here my
favorite thing on Twitch thus ridin
ridin mister I love the ants they are
it's like maybe you're an ant scientist
enthusiast was mine that's fine answer
fucking cool man yes yes who says he ate
two months army asking kick some fucking
ass I'm just fire ants can I can I be
like can I respect ances intelligence
teamwork and engineering without like
being super Indiana the deadly Sifu
crystal skull they're an ant oh yeah but
they look terrible oh my crystal skull
because they didn't want CGI and then
cartoon le yeah James W Big Mac the dude
1944 fourth
yep 36 motherfucking months in a row
stop decided it's not fixed anymore no
no I'm tired of five there's a ton ah
again Thomas nah my time now I'm a time
of five Wilkins the clown for thirty
five fucking months in a row I'll psych
out there you just like that rich doctor
Sony's for thirty three fucking months
in a row says words of wisdom to live by
for 2018 room-temperature coffee is ass
garbage thank you jack
it's weird cuz all other temperatures of
coffee is delicious I tried it I try to
like just impart my knowledge onto you
and you're welcome collecting data for
30
for fucking months in a row happy new
years hack frauds thank you
collecting mr. shields easy for thirteen
months in a row says Wow
the purveyor of this very twat sure that
we use leftover beefcake for 38
motherfucking months in a row
who says eastbound and down loaded up
and truckin Jack's gonna do what they
say can't be done eastbound and down
loaded up and truckin Jack's gonna do
would they say it can't be done he's got
a long way to go and a short time to get
there
it's pub GE just watch old Packard run I
don't know that's a smoking about it hmm
you spotted ounce from smoking into
management watch ol bandit run Wow
79 William time mill grand ma Tarkin -
who says the Jedi are extinct God their
fire has gone out of the universe
you my friend are all that's left of
their religion wickless for 39 fuckin
months in a row how many 39
motherfucking months in a row that's
exactly how many Cousteau's de Leiria 90
p duels says how can rich be so wrong
about literally everything what now what
now motherfucker oh I thought you were
gonna go into it and like which thing
are they talking about I don't know it
just has to take effort to be wrong
about everything it does you work at it
no I think I'm right about most things
like do you do your research like what
does everyone think about this okay I
need to make sure I make the wrong
decision there is it that I said the
Star Wars was smooth jazz - dooms heavy
metal I think that's a highly accurate
comparison
you say a lot of things Star Wars that's
not metal that's not I mean I agree I
just you know I just I think people want
your training regimen for how you're
wrong about everything all the time
we'll work on it
Ali Raza for twenty three fucking months
in a row says rich thanks for all the
holiday screams you're welcome made them
more bearable no problem no problem
right
rebar Aryan librarian oh nice
lakyn for 30 fucking months in a row
says thank me baby thank me baby one my
time body smack Erick for 16 months in a
row mr. Alex Reynolds for 16 months and
Rose says thanks guys for all the great
entertainment love ya both hard touching
that's a good name like Jack limo and
lion slippers thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do that's why we I
say it's true like not because it's our
catchphrase but because we really do
Star Wars it's not metal
