Jun 25, 2018
Spider-Man: Web of Shadows, Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278461916
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278465022
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278468225
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9wkEgysQAU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN_59GFAyII
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXk-1kfCfys
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1011355781575462914

[Part I]
hey rich yeah I saw someone subscribed
before I turn down the torture the
voodoo mama Gonza okay well you said
their name something googly mama Ganza
has subscribed to us for if you did turn
on the swatches oh I did turn it on but
I saw that they subscribe before that
how's everyone doing hey everybody we're
here today on a Monday I have a game
rich really wanted to play spider-man
web of shadows how an you're able to
play this on PC you purchased this
before they removed it from all pcs yeah
I tracked it down mm-hmm I I saw a
vision of the future of console gaming
mm-hmm you know how much used copies of
will not use I'm sorry I'm sorry because
you did they here here's the downside of
the digital download right yeah you
can't do used that's right
do you know how much you get you can
still you can still like you activate
old keys that haven't been used yeah for
this game and you can't sell old ones so
you know how much an unused key for this
game is going for I mean I'm guessing
brand-new prices like 50 60 bucks try a
hundred you can find this game on PC for
about a hundred dollars if you don't
know but legitimately if you're looking
with you you want a legitimate copy yeah
yeah yeah you can find an unavailing key
for this game for about a hundred bucks
oh man
and I'm thinking once once the consoles
finally get their digital stores and
once they finally as they want to do get
rid of the discs because they hate Game
Stop they hate these games yeah that's
the future of console gaming yeah you
can't track down an old copy of a game
from from last gen on your last gen
system anymore because you know
Microsoft doesn't give a shit about the
last gen they're moving on it's not
gonna be downloadable from their store
anymore you're gonna track down some of
the old key yeah for a hundred bucks to
play a seven-year-old game yeah yeah
yeah I I totally agree would you like
some more news to stoke
the the videogame prepper in you yeah
this was this was a story shared with me
that I I thought this is exactly what
rich needs to know to to double down on
on the awful state of DRM okay yeah so
let's say this is a very small community
and a very specific example but let's
say you really like the game Metal Gear
Rising revengeance yeah and let's say
the only way the only computer you can
game on is here is your Apple computer
is your Mac computer huh so now let's
say you bought Metal Gear Rising
revengeance on your Mac computer and
today this very day you say help you
know what I'm feeling like I'm feeling
like a little metal gear revengeance
yeah
oh you can't yeah even if you bought it
really really even if you bought it and
even if it's still downloaded on your
Apple computer oh my god because rich
the company that was in charge of its
DRM has gone out of business GOG support
GOG everybody and so even if you still
have the game downloaded to your
computer it is unable to make the DRM
handshake with the company because the
company went out of business and so you
are unable to play something you have
purchased obviously we're talking about
a very small market here you know Apple
Mac gaming uh-huh Metal Gear Rising
revengeance someone shared the story if
you go to VG 24/7 dot-com they're
reporting this story yeah and erm dear
there's no possible downside if you're a
consumer you should not support this you
should not be a fan of DRM I think Doom
has that one of those companies so you
know someday doom 2016 will be
unplayable because it needs a digital
handshake yeah yeah that's very populous
unless you could find a pirated version
well the so but
that's that's the situation here is
people who have rightfully purchased
this game can't play they're rightfully
purchased version and so they had
they're forced to pirate see I have seen
this coming
yeah I saw this coming decades ago this
is one of the reason I'm kind of okay
with piracy under certain situations
under certain situations you know under
certain situations it's it is justified
absolutely so I yeah I saw that story
and I said oh rich is gonna rich is
gonna want to hear about this and that's
I'm just gonna say it's finally happened
well well right this this is the first
example that I know that I've that I've
ever heard of yet at this point decades
ago was the year 2000 alright and dragon
Dora this is not the first time that
I've said that piracy is okay under
certain circumstances I've also given
concessions here or there when it comes
to preserving games that would be lost a
time when it when it concerns mobs and
you know artistic development of certain
tools I think piracy has a place but
let's be honest most people pirate just
steal so
I like this game yeah terrible
spider-man but it gets agitated
Oh is he's like yelling it yeah oh
alright well this is the flash-forward
opening oh yeah
okay alright
there's Jack hi horsing this early in
the stream 24/7 my friend 24/7 what do
you need what do you need how high you
want me to get that horse cuz I can I
can get pretty dang high I like
everything in this game except for
Spidey's agitated voice acting who does
the voice you know I don't know because
I was some guy who's never done the
voice since before since sure sure
because I think in in preparation I was
playing a little shattered Dimensions
which is the spider-man game I've never
played with yeah nothing good I I you
know what I just got through the
tutorial I just I just don't give a shit
about higher spider-man Spidey just give
me Peter Parker man who is that which
the lady spray Jane
really
yeah just Mary Jane hanging out with
Luke Cage with a shotgun perfectly
normal
this is basically it basically turns
into a zombie game oh yeah yeah I saw
though like though the white things you
were fighting
but I just got through the tutorial
level noir spider-man actually has some
some neat you know very very Arkham
style stealth stuff happening and I love
the outfit I love the new art noir
spider-man's outfit it's such a cool
look I think like the leather jacket
that's got the double what do you call
that when it's got two rows of buttons
double-breasted yeah the double breasted
leather jacket the goggles that's such a
fucking cool look you are I've never
read a newer spider-man book I'm gonna
play spider-man game I want to play as
spider-man not some weird-ass version of
spider-man I want them all I don't want
to play as punk-rock spider-man that's
an ugly outfit yeah I want to play as
spider-man admittedly punk-rock
spider-man is a super ugly outfit so you
get Symbian suit spider-man and he's
he's a bit more brute force sure yeah
then the other the other costume even
slightly slightly different playstyles
of course of course well I got all hyped
up you said you wanted to play this we
were talking yesterday and you said you
wanted to play this game and yeah and so
you know I was I was going through
shattered Dimensions like oh yeah maybe
we can do that too I was watching all
the all the spider-man gameplay footage
from e3 like you know there open-world
stuff it looks so fucking cool I'm just
getting I'm getting very hyped for
spider-man
which is a mistake because we're like
two and a half months away yeah so I
need to cool mind other than other than
the costume yeah and mostly just the
white spider on the costume other than
that right it looks good I that's the
thing I'm getting but I I can't get
hyped because it's too far away you know
like I gotta I just gotta cool my Jets
on the hype just because it's too far
away it's just it's probably the best
game rendering of Spidey's masks yeah in
any of the games well and like they went
out of their way during the demos
because you know it was the e3 demos to
talk
like how you can change costumes and you
know like oh you're your upgrades will
go with your costume changes and you
just fight a couple of bad guys and you
get points and you can buy new costumes
you know in-game not like not like loot
boxes or anything which is good so
that's really nice but
hold on one more let's go you're gonna
be fine I love my present so you can
change costumes anytime
yep try and land on the damn ambulance I
don't have to just want to oh fuck
denied no it's slowed down because it
turned I almost had it
yep well it's too damn late now I know
the ambulance was taunting me I never
played the old of it's part of my game
yeah that's pretty good
what are those webs attachment do look
in every other game except for
spider-man 2 they had they attached to
nothing the gang war MJ was getting her
arm in a cast and I was feeling lousy
for not being by her side but if she
knew I was ignoring what was going on in
the streets
the animation for this game is so bad oh
no spreading this great web swinging
I love Spidey's animations in this
it's change wait
what
hey back how's it going everybody let's
go fine great
hey Luke Cage yeah okay so where were we
spider-man yeah oh you know what I think
I was excited about act I wanted to look
up I think in shattered dimension it's
my favorite spider-man which is
Christian Barnes he did the voice of
spider-man in the 90s cartoon uh and oh
I always liked his voice yeah you unit
you're just not a fan of that one like
what you want yeah I'll give a shit I do
one I do too I will three I do
spider-man Neil Patrick Harris yes the
the MTV 3d spider-man cartoon by the
same people who did reboot you oh no
he's great he is he's great all right
Christopher Christopher Daniel Barnes is
Spider Man Noir okay so I was right
about that and then Neil Patrick Harris
plays the regular the voice of regular
Spider Man and shattered Dimensions but
Christian Barnes has always been like
that's when when I read the comics it's
his voice that I hear but you know I
don't I don't have a voice I hear for
spider-man you don't have it you don't
have the Spidey's voice in your head no
for Batman it's clearly Kevin Conroy
clearly clearly I don't have an
absolutely definitive spider-man though
what I'm just thinking about Kevin
Conroy yeah it's clearly it's just
clearly okay
what what what
Jack hears voices I do Maxim spider I
know nothing's happening
don't worry everything's fine
everything's very Crom uhland all the
time
get out of here yeah yeah yeah instead
of a bitch yeah yeah
you see there's a there's a there's a
thing right there that you could put
your face into no you gotta lean in all
the way in here lean in hello hey look
who it is oh my god playing the
spider-man plants vitamin we're snuggle
buddies now we got to share a microphone
yeah oh yeah as long as we're snuggle
buddies it's okay it's a little bit
weird hello everybody I'm a little bit
uncomfortable
oh this well you're sitting over there -
I know
that's how uncomfortable I am with this
it sounds like you need to get over yeah
what the hell man come on buddy's
insecure boom be secure enough in your
masculinity man well I'm flying out soon
I thought it yeah I didn't say hello
well hi yeah I was giving her something
Becker what so yeah I'm just picking up
the luggage and we're gonna do something
the flight keeps getting delayed so okay
okay
is it is there a blizzard in Canada no
it's the summer but I just assumed
there's a place this same weather system
is where man no I don't know where the
plane is coming that happened to Jim
yesterday too
going on say hi I just saved somebody
from an exploding car what okay you can
talk about it in detail as you walk away
from the microphone same time same bat
Channel buh-bye
well that was great that was a surprise
well wait how did the stretcher get
there well it's just in front of the
damn hospital there's just a stretcher
out in front of the hospital they're
waiting they're waiting somebody there's
so much gang violence they're just
waiting for it oh that is just like
that's just one like medical interns job
is just to wait outside for spider-man
the driver right right that's actually a
little disturbing special guest sir we
didn't even know we were gonna get a
special guest today how exciting see
that's disturbing
what oh he's just murdering people they
actually did this game come out first
this or witch or shadow dimensions oh
this came out I think this came out
first yeah they actually address it in
shattered Dimensions you know in one of
the two you know the first fighting
tutorial you specifically knock someone
off of a building yeah and they get
transported to a they they get saved by
a by Madame web like they get
transported in Madame web says ah you
can't you know try not to be so brutal
I'll save any if you shoot him off a
building all right but they brought it
back in the new spider-man game or you
can just straight-up knock people off
buildings
I love that
maybe maybe spider-man on the ps4 game
just murders it's possible it's very
possible
whoa yes I have my webs it into enemy
ability yet oh sure I dig this animation
so another chap is saying they hate the
animation in this oh I don't get it look
at it look look I love it it's very like
you can tell they were taking
inspiration from the comic books oh my
god oh my god that is that's a little
bit that's a little bit disorienting
right I think what you've just shown
there is the major problem that will
occur in any single spider-man game yeah
how do you make someone so acrobatic and
have a camera that works I think you
shouldn't do violent camera changes oh
sure zoom out a bit and have the camera
move slower
how you know like how can you control
that and make sure that the player sees
everything they need to see I think
that's gonna be a problem in any
spider-man game no matter what
people are saying they were they were
mad at the cutscene animation not
necessarily oh well who gives a shit
about the ad come on bye look Uncharted
look the cutscene animation is very
impressive it's very important it's very
more important than the game stories
fucking fucking Naughty Dog fans they're
everywhere rich be careful they're
everywhere here there's no stopping them
there's no stopping them whatsoever
do-do-do-do-do hey rich yeah it says
croc 23 a console makers must truly have
their backs against the wall because
there is a rumor on a bunch of tech
websites today about Microsoft
partnering with Razer to get keyboard
and mouse support going on the Xbox oh
hey I'm done with that I'm down with I
mean like that's just more accessibility
in general did you see the the the video
for the big the the super accessible
Xbox controller that they're working on
no I mean super accessible it's it's
this crate is it looks like basically it
looks like a rectangle with giant
buttons on it this doesn't sound very
accessible wait for it and it's a
completely programmable controller input
that you can plug at all sorts of
different devices into and so like you
know for example if you lost an arm or
something and you need a special paddle
okay for a button it can plug into the
controller that kind of excess that kind
of accessibility yes or you know like
for people who are paraplegic you know
if you have to use your neck for the the
d-pad or something yeah bad you can plug
all sorts of accessories into this
controller and so it's basically a
universal adapter for any game input I
thought that was so neat I hope it comes
you know I hope it's also available like
on PC
because where else all these gamers with
accessibility needs are gonna need to
buy Xboxes and then they're gonna be
disappointed well typically because of
Microsoft and Windows you can use the
Xbox junk exam the PC exactly why is
Luke a so giant because he's Luke a cage
and remember her spider-man's not a big
dude even grownup spider-man I'm pretty
sure his average 510 according to the
Marvel Handbook
he's 510 so what is that what is that on
average is that shorter or is that
perfectly average perfect they
deliberately picked the most average
height available he's the ever man and
Luke Cage is giant and muscling so yes
that makes sense
yeah Xbox Xbox is making a lot of good
decisions mostly because they are behind
as far as what they're doing you know
they're doing a lot of good
cross-platform stuff you know if you're
a fortnight player yeah and you're on
Xbox you can play with people on the
switch
the same with Minecraft they just did a
big minecraft crossover where if you do
multiplayer minecraft the the switch and
the Xbox one can talk to each other yeah
and that's very exciting this is not a
decision that Xbox would have made had
they been leader and we know that to be
true because PlayStation is not playing
with others right right PlayStation is
not allowing any sort of cross play with
with their fortnight or whatnot because
they don't need to they're on top if you
want to show the controller oh thanks
colonel rich Mustard Colonel rich
mustard has has the link to the super
accessible controller thing it looks
really neat the promo video they put
together you know a tad bit
heartbreaking but really exciting that
they're they're thinking about people
with special needs and when it comes to
gaming and so that's always that's a
little bit of positivity for your day
right there people are really upset in
the chat about the height of Luke Cage
in a comic book video game the the
height of the super strong muscle man I
know
as compared to spider-man and know
exactly he I mean they're very upset
he's probably larger than he would be if
he were a real person but this is a
video game based on a comic book yeah so
I guess I'm gonna allow it
it's called exaggeration sure yeah
hyperbole a little bit visual hi Shirley
sure yeah they want to make him a
distinct carrot let's just run into that
card you know it's fine they want to
make him a distinct silhouette as
compared to Spider Man I think that's a
good idea
I think what rich is trying to say is
settle the fuck down
as spider-man I'm John no you know what
new spider-man hasn't really met anyone
new spider-man marvel sorry Marvel MCU
spider-man oh Tom Collins Tom Hollands
Helen
Tom Holland Tom Collins that's a drink
that's alright ok you ok Joe richest
type of buyers have a little nip before
I came here everyone Tom Holland hasn't
had a chance to meet many people in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe ok but it does
kind of make you want that scene with
him and just like a super strong bruiser
guy has he done that in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe no just him versus a
brick wall like Luke Cage a Hulk the
right exactly
don't you kind of want that that would
be fun yes I want I want that scene
where you know he's on his web and he's
doing his big pendulum swing and he's
about to like you know he thinks he's
gonna knock a guy down and just splats
right into him that'd be great
they haven't had the the Rhino job for a
cameo yet so hey that's what we need we
need him versus well we don't need that
it would be fun
that kind of stuff is fun
who's playing Luke Cage in the TV show
now we need him we need him to have a
tiny little scene with that rib cage
that would be fun I keep hearing very
positive things about season 2 of Luke
Cage I mean even though they had a
season see it just came out ok and
everyone's saying like woah so much
better than season 1 and I was not a big
fan of season 1 I will probably watch it
only because of misty Knight who I loved
in season 1 she's back but with a robot
arm because she got her arm sliced to
huff spoil early no it's fine
well she in the comic she has a robot
arm ah so I'm down I'm down like I'm
down for just a misty night show look
whoa whoa whoa settle down spider-man
just spazzing a little bit but that's
fine I fucked up my job man yeah
how can you not like those animations
look up theme Oh complete the very I
think my story thought the coming misty
night sounds like a Bond girl name
probably I'm assuming she was she was an
original character back in the day from
the blaxploitation Comics Heroes for
Hire no idea Oh neither do i but like
misty night also sounds like the the
femme fatale in a blaxploitation film
yeah we're gonna go see misty night take
down these crack dealers wow that is
very true Marvel TV and Marvel films do
not play nice with each other why not
why not well TV's pretty decent they've
had some good shows the here here's one
explanation that I have that makes more
sense I mean obviously there's a ton of
logistics involved there's a lot of
agents and lawyers involved yeah but the
one explanation that I that I heard that
that really sunk in for me was is any
cameo or crossover going to be enough
for people like you know the the there
was talk of like maybe a little cameo of
them in infinity Wars right I I want to
see daredevil cameo on the new
spider-man that would fit that would fit
that would fit that would fit but would
it would it be a big enough cameo to
give his character enough do would that
okay you know there's only so much
screen time that can be given to any
character
is I think the the explanation that I
heard and so you just have to you have
to draw a line somewhere but I could see
I could see a daredevil help and Spidey
out well what's the new spider-man we
just learned through the new spider-man
name the name of the new movie ah
far far from home yeah spider-man far
from home blazin bitch I blazing yeah
blazing bitch I'd like to jessica jones
season two I thought I thought it was I
was pretty damn good I could see how
someone wouldn't like it though because
it didn't you know with with without
forget his name the doctor the guy who
played the doctor was purple man and his
name is his name is and you're gonna
you're gonna his name is kilgrave but
his real name doctor his real name is
Doctor Who but some people refer to him
as David Tennant Thank You Tiberius Kirk
without like David Tennant in season one
was a an awful man and a great villain
it's just you wanted that villain torn
to pieces and he was interesting and
cool and thematically appropriate and it
made season 1 incredibly visceral it was
just revenge you know like all right
we're down season two the villains and
their motivations and how bad they are
are kind of wishy-washy which plays
really well with the themes of season
two and so it's just not as visceral and
so I could see someone not liking season
two even though like it all makes sense
in the story and it's all it's all messy
but it's supposed to be messy
so also David Tennant is fantastic he's
just a fantastic actor so more David
Tennant
now come at me from there all right
finally unlocking the good stuff yeah
get there get that good stuff mmm yeah
yeah but I think a lot like with
homecoming speaking of just spider-man
and daredevil just more more scenes of
more seasoned heroes absolutely shutting
spider-man down I love that in a in
homecoming of just you're fucking up kid
yes your heart is in the right place but
you're fucking up that's the one oh
that's some of my favorite spider-man is
just you know he wants so bad to do good
but he's not there's not good at it but
he's not good at it but is he just wants
it he wants it so bad so a little a
little scuffle with daredevil and
daredevil just absolutely owning him you
know he's got superpowers he's got a
spider sense but daredevil has the
seasoned he has the training and he's
like now now what you would do as a
writer of course of course because
that's what that's what spider-man's all
about and I really like how Tom Holland
plays them you know kind of just a
little naive a little a little wide-eyed
and ready to go
what's my what's our take on the new
animated spider-verse projects of rich
specifically rich I just don't care
hmm I I don't want to see 8,000
different versions of spider-man running
around that's it's weird
uh-huh and I don't know why they're
going with the herky-jerky art style it
doesn't make any sense just just trying
to be it made sense in the lego movie
because they're trying to look like
stop-motion like it's actual legos that
made sense I think they're just dude I
don't know why the fuck they're doing it
in the spider-man movie going for style
man going for style and it might also
just have a budgetary reason just less
less frames to animate say we can
literally save half of our production
budget if we just do this style like oh
okay
yeah no it's it's artistic
now I think it looks I think it looks
super oh my god what are you doing in
that lady let me bring her to a hospital
she's injured oh okay
I'm damaging her far more than just
waiting for an ambulance whatever
well like I am I'm gonna break every
bone in her fucking body
yep no you've you've just dislocated her
shoulder yeah she's vomiting everywhere
spider-man yes I know my leg is broken
she's dead you killed her you're welcome
man yeah that's great
all right what we got here we got prax's
who says hello in my continuous effort
to become more like you guys I recently
bought FTL Dragon's Dogma dogma and Dead
Rising on sale about 20 bucks total is
rich it's rich evans-wiik for me over
here playing right now and loving it yay
tech like swift ale - oh yeah I mean I'm
not I'm not as fanatical as you are
about it and more importantly I'm just
not as good yeah there there's no way I
can be as as tactically mindful as you
even though I've beaten it a few times
and awesome damn fine game that FTL damn
fine game have you been paying attention
to the steam sales at all I'm really not
not closely I've purchased a few things
here and there
anything exciting I don't I really like
there there's a game called caves of
quad qud okay that is supposed to kind
of be like a very old-school roguelike
like an actual like Rogue rogue like
that has been in development for a while
it's still an early access but it's it's
one of those like anything's possible
kind of games as long as you're able to
use your imaginations and it was on sale
and the developer said like this Steam
sale is probably the cheapest it will be
in a few years and you can still help
support late development as they and
it's been on my wish list forever yeah
this caves
I bought fimble weed park which we've
talked about playing was on super sale I
bought oh I I can't even keep track of
all the games and I just like I bought
in maybe five or six games because
they've been on super sale
and they the other good part of the
steam sales something I about on Twitter
the other day is the it also has the on
the the amazing ability to clean up my
wish list yeah because you know if I
like find like half of my wish list was
under five dollars and you know what if
I'm not buying this game for $4.99 then
I'm just not buying it right like I had
this that Bulletstorm game on my wish
list forever and it was something like
75% off yeah it's a $40 game and it was
under $10 and I looked at it again I
watched the the the gameplay trailer
again and I just said as Bulletstorm the
one everyone tells me I would like yeah
yeah it's it's a first-person shooter
and you get likes like it's half of guns
I think half magic powers but it's
supposed to be a really intense yeah
first-person shooter a lot like doom and
it was $10 and still I couldn't I just
could not bring myself as I don't care I
don't care about playing this game off
my wish list so I also cleaned up my
wish list a lot which is great clear out
the clutter also how are we liking this
game well jag has never played it but I
this is my favorite spider-man game so
I'm fond of it I have never played it
and unless I I mean at this point it
might be cheaper to find a used ps3 and
copy of this game to get a Windows
version of it it is definitely cheaper
to do that right now
right so you know I guess I'll be on the
lookout for because it's not officially
available anywhere right yeah oh wait
did they make uh did they make a was his
ps3 so that would be we did they make a
Wii version fighter Man 2 on ps2 was so
much better no I wasn't you know a grant
you would had the more interesting
web-swinging but that does not make a
complete spider-man game this games got
that that game smashed when it comes to
just fighting mmm Spidey beating the
shit out of people and jumping around
and
the that's what open world stuff looks a
lot better there's a there's a whole
skill tree going on here that's slowly
unlocks what's once I got more of this
unlock there's some just just sweet
fuckin mid air combos shit you can do
that's awesome
that's awesome you can you can juggle
people and Aaron just weapon back to you
throw away really really just give you
that spider-man feeling yeah if I had
these powers oh I'd be fuckin people huh
that's great that's what I was getting
me you know speaking of extra hyped for
the new spider-man game they were
talking about some of the unlock
abilities and my god like you know kind
of the same thing where you can you can
like have suit power-ups and like
different suits will be able to do
different things and it's like yeah just
new ways to punch bad guys that's what I
want I want to punch all the bad guys so
uh did this have a Wii version I wonder
dozens probably crap right because you
know the Wii version right right cuz I
still have a Wii oh no oh I have a Wii U
which can play Wii games ultimate
spider-man was good I like this more
there is a Wii version okay I'll have to
look into that see if it see if it's
even a little bit as good oh man those
oranges are gonna mess up those purples
look at this gang fight it's the same
gang member just wearing different
jackets basically I had to cut some
corners
look fellas over out there a little bit
that's fine that's fine
yeah
Oh Moon Knight is in this which gives it
points but ultimate spider-man mentions
dark Hawk so that's a point in its favor
I don't know but actually don't know who
dark Hawk is that's that's 90s character
that didn't didn't survive the 90s oh no
was it a Rob Liefeld I know I doubt that
all the pouches did it have all the
pouches I didn't have like I'm gonna
silver helmet thing I think every man
and arm wings no nevermind that went
from like you know the shoulder to sure
okay no but I don't know what you're
talking about
who made this this is these are all
Activision right Treyarch Activision
someone else's names on this I don't
know everyone whoo hey Luke sorry Chuck
Fox I have not seen Deadpool together
mooom Knight is basically Batman but I
think formally crazy he has multiple
personality disorder right yes yes III
did I read I've read exactly one Moon
Knight collection yeah the the Bendis
collection of moon night in which he was
actually crazy and like thought he was
talking to Spider Man and Captain
America but they were just figments of
his imagination but he would like use
them to help him figure out stuff but I
didn't think he was very good
the the Moon Knight comics I read I did
not believe her I did not think was very
good so yeah I did I did not even know
summer games done quick was going on
right now
dad shit they make jokes about his old
costume I thought he was gonna punch him
I don't like this voice actor at all
this is this is Mike Vaughn doing the
voice and Mike von someone who has done
a lot of work interesting enough Mike
Von does the voice of Iggy Koopa in the
Mario Brothers games okay so there's
that the boy well you know he got that
yeah I'm not a big fan of this
all right this one is infamous for gang
trouble swing then take about yes who
could forget the famous Iggy Koopa voice
why spider-man standing like that yeah
cuz he's doing his his spider waiting
he's ready he's ready to go
ah you people are nuts the animation of
this game is great the only thing that
matters is this stuff like just look at
him swinging around that's a tree that's
great
that is working for you Spidey think you
can do it again but of course good I
have another bunch of hood looks like
they have a lookout this time so take
them out fast I have not seen the
west-world final I'm about three or four
episodes behind in West world season two
so far very much enjoying it and it's
it's just you know another fine example
of you know how we are getting nice we
are getting some excellent sci-fi right
now there's excellent sci-fi on TV right
now West world being some of it you
should never fail a mission for leaving
the mission zone yeah she's just swaying
by him and nope you've left the mission
zone well I hit them but I swung too far
out of the area I was supposed to go
which is utter horseshit yes especially
if you did hit them like you're supposed
to yeah so Luke Cage can't be bothered
to fight crime Luke Cage is mentoring
right now we can only assume spider-man
hired him to mentor him and so Luke Luke
Cage only Luke age ain't no dummy he
works for money
alright there are no cars there there
are cars now what do you have to do no
it's really weird a New York Street with
no cars oh yeah yeah actually you can
summon Luke Cage look at you teleports
in and starts punch you people that's
great you get a soup de doop meter cool
okay so I know everyone was complaining
about Luke Cage some of these thugs are
disproportionately big Yeah right like
they're like it looks like it looks like
they're giant men compared to spider-man
so Luke Cage does fight crime you'll be
happy to know that's great I am I am
upset that you don't have any in-game
currency that you lose when he comes in
because that would just be a special
meter what special meter well sure but I
like it would be funnier if it was
actual money oh for luke age-specific
yes like hey get it you need to earn
money so you can hire Luke Cage to come
get it obviously you know you can't fit
every good joke in there but that would
be funny because he's the hero for hire
it's still a mercenary yeah I don't even
know if they do that anymore I don't
even I don't even know if it in the
comics he does that anymore
it was a great gimmick oh it's a great
gimmick
yeah those bad guys look Johnny even
compared to the cars that see that's
just yeah bad rendering on some on some
level buddy ps3 it's fine it's a is the
best they could do rich it's you know
it's like it's like being an art critic
for cave paintings it's like this is the
best they could do he didn't know
anybody didn't know any better
doo-doo-doo-doo nope we're gobbledy jeez
which I assume is gobbledygook but it
just says gobbledy geez this is rich I
have never really felt like I've owned a
PC game ever okay you buy it without
resale value I have a garage full of
thousands of console games many
purchased usually used at rental stores
remember those good old consoles you
rarely bought used PC games there yeah
yeah okay I don't know I think that was
just uh and and yet on my computer I've
got pretty much every PC game I've ever
owned
loaded up hey your game prepper and I
dig that you know I think well I think
you bought you both of you are saying
the same thing which is like you know on
one hand you can have a box full of
cartridges yeah or you can have a box
full of hard drives either way as long
as you all know the thing as long as you
have the ability to play whenever you
feel like playing right and so I mark my
words by next-gen and the consoles discs
are gonna be a thing of the past
I'm so you're not gonna feel like you
own anything then they were supposed to
be a thing of a past two years ago only
only once once Sony is done with the
PlayStation 5 and they stopped
supporting it you won't be able to
redownload your games mmm any more on
that yep or on the Xbox 2 or whatever
the fuck that is
they call the fucking thing the Xbox 101
yeah yeah absolutely you know it's I've
got my only need one thing hooked up and
it's got all my crap on it yeah like how
many fucking consoles that have been
there at the Benno in in life how much
of a pain in the ass is it if you want
to play an old game on a console I get a
dig out the Super Nintendo or you got to
dig out the Gamecube or whatever the
fuck it is not only that then you have
to find out how to hook it up to your
modern TV oh yeah got make sure you have
a TV with the right kind of refresh rate
and attachments and adapters yeah yeah
but it's still there it's still there
and you still own it right that's the
important part that's the important part
and I suppose it's kind of the same with
old PC games because if you go far
enough FAQ do you have you know a DOS
box to play that game do you have the
right kind of software to play the old
hardware if you have it right I think
sometimes it can be just the
architecture in which you play games
change it can change so much from
operating system to operating since
there's a thing somebody has figured it
out usually you just do how do I get
this game running yeah arm system to you
okay I need to do this this and that
thanks to the hive mind of the Internet
someone has figured it out tested it
retested it re figured it out and has it
available usually for free it just takes
some doing
it just takes him doing knowing what it
was it was a couple a couple years ago
at an e3 when when when Microsoft
announced their their whole plan to get
rid of disks and everyone threw a
conniption right they started a little
bit too early I really sincerely believe
they're gonna try again oh of course
it's the smart way to do things from a
business standpoint it'll be a the next
gen I think it'll be a transitional okay
anybody is in this store now
everything's gonna be available on the
online store you got the Allied so down
we'll have some juice and then buy that
by the end of act like less and less
will be available on the disk yeah well
hey love five it's only available from
the regs up store the online things down
though what a 10% off like that valve a
five five percent of that'll be the
interesting thing is what's gonna be the
big game that they say won't be on a
disk yeah right cuz that'll be the that
will be the official change yeah the
next Halo game the next Sony excludes
you know Last of Us 3 right we available
via digital download well you know what
it was just it was too big for a disc
that we didn't want to do multiple discs
and you know what to to ease your burden
on your hard drive there's actually a
lot of content that you need to contact
the server for couldn't have just used
compression software you know it was too
because we wanted this we wanted it to
look good for you so we don't want to
compress it and so that's why you need
to sign on to our server in order to to
receive the information via our servers
we're not charging you for it yet as
long as you're subscribe Xbox Live as
long as you're a PS 59.99 a month a PS
Plus member you get to play it anytime
you want it's absolutely and it will be
the gaming experience that you're
looking for what we're proud of our team
they really crossed some technical
hurdles to bring you this experience
just save somebody from an exploding car
jack I saw that that was awesome
yeah abs every now and then ah that's
great that's fucking being spider-man
right oh that could be lettuce - I mean
I mean gets punched in the face every no
oh yeah yeah actually wish you went
flying a little further because I think
spider-man does that once in oh yeah so
I I think I think next-gen will be the
transition when they finally get the
digital store for the concerts oh yeah
yeah I'm with you and then all your
software will eventually eventually be
obsolete well it's like you know they
already have decent digital stores and
they're already doing some of that with
your you know Xbox Microsoft membership
with your PS Plus membership and getting
your free games as long as you have your
membership right they're already doing
some of that but it'll be interesting to
see what their what their big title is
gonna be once once they show their hand
is it gonna be halo is it gonna be
uncharted eight is it gonna be the next
is it gonna be deaf stranding deaf
stranding is only available online right
yeah my problem will be that what's
what's gonna be the game where they say
digital only now let's talk about DRM
and of course we're only we're only
talking about the negative aspects of
DRM because there are what are the
positive aspects of DRM well it's only
positive if you're you're the fucking
Bob publisher well but with DRM
publishers feel comfortable with digital
sales in general remember before DRM was
a thing publishers were scared of steam
they didn't want it out there because
they were so afraid of pirates I'm
scared of steam but for different
reasons that's true that's I hear you
but you also don't make games so you're
less important
that's gonna be Oh the next Call of Duty
now
Cassie cross you've got it that's it
that's a great example the next Call of
Duty will be the the first digital only
one see that's pretty much a multiplayer
only thing that that makes some sense
yeah and who gives a shit that games got
a shelf life anyway
oh right for that then it makes no no
save the guy save the guy Spidey what
what she glitched out well you still got
the points if no I got that I got the
evil points the black points oh I'm
sorry I am too I think that is really
cool so how do you get the warning does
it just go in slow-mo when you know yeah
I think there's a sound effect
associated with sure sure that's neat
she glitched out on me I add her she was
in my fucking hands yep she left she
left the the tutorial she left the
mission zone yep she got blown out of
her missions
Wow they get that thug with a bat no hit
me so hard I smashed into a taxi and
blew it off
that normal thug with a baseball bat you
be fair that is not a normal thug with a
baseball bat look at how big he is
look these are obviously gang members
who are also super mutants
so I'm gonna be nice that is oh that is
super yeah that's a great idea
fucked up my smash so anyway I think the
moral of the story is DRM giveth DRM
taketh away mostly take a look and what
we should be concerned about is it
taking taking it the way there but you
know I like I said I I think we're being
very negative so we shouldn't see them
there is also a positive benefit which
is just the amount of things we can play
which is also a negative benefit cuz
there's too many things to play Kankan
DRM be time sensitive can it go away
after seven years I'll take seven and
then then the DRM goes away on your copy
once you purchase it it has a ticking
time clock no like like the DRM after
after the game's old yeah and then I was
worried about making money on it yeah
take away the DRM you don't have to
phone home to our company anymore so the
game that you you had on the Mac well
will still work even if that fucking DRM
company goes out of business well let's
see that was the problem was the DRM
company went out of business so they
can't rewrite the code I'm sure it's
been hacked you gotta fight you gotta
find the pirated version because the DRM
doesn't really stop the piracy oh the
DRM has done it doesn't stop the piracy
it does do an incredible job of
lessening it though the how did the The
Witcher 3 do fantastic
there are a ton of pirated copies which
three are there more copies of The
Witcher 3 floating around pirate or
normal like relatively speaking
relatively speaking how pirated was The
Witcher 3 oh I have no idea because that
had no Dereham right yeah I have no idea
I I know in general I'm not convinced
it's helping that much basically because
the Pirates they're going to find a way
around the ship oh yeah I know you DRM
has done nothing for piracy ah steam has
done a great deal to curb piracy because
they've made it so easy to get games is
my is what I'm saying steam has done an
amazing job of just saying if you make
it easy for people to get games they
will be less likely to pirate and that
has been true since steam has been
around piracy has been down in general
okay okay but of course people want
people love things for free and people
love just breaking games and cracking
games and figuring out the bullshit
right we love that that's never ever
going away no matter what but I think
the the lesson learned with with with
steam or even fucking you know we can
take Netflix as an example of this is if
you make it really easy for people to
get stuff they will take the path of
least resistance right even if it's like
$10 versus free that $10 means I can
have the game and it'll work really
great yeah so I'm okay with that pirates
are gonna pirate I'd rather buy it if
it's cheap that's right captain
president it's it's about it's it's all
about how easy how easy it is to get the
thing and that's the deposit these again
and it wouldn't be easy to get these
things if we didn't have DRM so that's
the positive side of it but there's a
negative side of it it's almost like
it's a gray issue like the rest of the
world is crazy it's crazy I want to
finish all of the optional missions
before I before I go and progress the
story oh yeah dude fuck man you're just
being spider-man spider-man it up I know
I'd like to get to some of the crazier
shit that happens in this though okay
hey you do you it's why GOG is doing so
well gol-do GOG is finally getting
getting some titles which is great
which is great we should we should be
supporting GOG as much as humanly
possible I know and you know rich will
say for the drm-free but also for the
competition I both find reasons to
support you honestly right like you know
Steve esteem has been good but every you
know competition does nothing but good
so having having someone out there
nipping at their heels is gonna mean
steam gives us the things we want
technically a origin is is competition
but ya are also douchebags yeah that's
true
damnit they were too far away jack
mm-hmm that were true people wouldn't
pirate shit that was available through
Humble Bundle there are people who will
steal stuff no matter what yeah that it
doesn't matter you I I'm sure a
developer could give away a game for
free as long as you typed in your email
address and someone will still find a
way to crack it and steal it and torrent
it the people will steal no matter what
why do you hate people me because
because I've been because I've met
people rich
I hate veal because I've been around
people
whoops
all right where are we we are at dick
gently ER who says I just wanted to tell
you that I'm honoured to have been the
first watcher to get unfucked last
stream that is all thank you Dirk Gently
er for for being our inaugural on fucker
and actually thank you for reminding us
that we run fucking people because I'll
be honest I have forgotten I just forget
I just forget sometimes blow up one more
game car
one more game car game where the gangs
at from the front to back yeah they're
not in a car so I don't care how very
unspayed her man of you I know
apparently the next spider-man game will
be MCU Canon yeah now if the if the ps4
spider-man is good I hope they do
another one in that universe if it's
good the the ps4 spider-man is
spider-man who has been spider-man I was
just watching some of the gameplay
you know the developers playing it over
at e3 and they said it's spider-man and
he's been spider-man for seven years
okay so I guess technically it could be
the same MCU spider-man probably not but
there they were talking about kind of a
more established spider-man more
established but still learning stuff and
now you got a game car none it's looking
at it's looking pretty neat that that
new spider-man are you guys ever gonna
stream Resident Evil for now yes pick
pick which one you want to believe but
there's no give a shit about Resident
Evil yes you're a fan so I like Resident
Evil 4 go right ahead Jack I'll stream
it I'll stream it rich and watch and
laugh at all the ridiculous parts yeah
we just don't care it's not like I hate
it
it's not it's not like I hate red I
legitimately hate the first couple of
Resident Evil games I never had a good
time playing those ones yeah the ones
with the fixed camera
oh god that bothered me and I understand
like that was Capote that was the whole
point is like how awkward you were to
control you know because it wasn't about
the fighting it was about you know the
terror and figuring out a way around the
zombies but I still fucking hated it so
you know Resident Evil 4 came around it
was just a regular shooter and I was
okay with that yeah really I'd like for
its it's big corny fun man you fight a
giant zombie fish at one point and
apparently Resident Evil 4 had a head
like a bloody Colin what did they do in
four left 4 dead where it had like a
artificial intelligence kind of figure
out how good you were doing at the game
and automatically adjust the difficulty
hey director so yeah AI director it had
something like that word it kind of
automatically tailored the experience if
you're getting through too fast it would
make it a little harder if you were
struggling it'd make you know to make it
just the right difficulty all the time
know how I feel about this mm-hmm I
think it worked because the game flows
very nicely
it also had a really great inventory
system it was very simple and very dumb
which is just you have a case and
anything that you want to take with you
you have to like Tetris into the case
that's not unique to that game I'm not
saying it was I'm saying okay nice okay
I'm not saying they invented it I'm
saying they had a good inventory system
hokey but good okay
I like I like that just like oh you got
a you want this thing you got to fit it
in here okay you got to rotate your gun
and then you can fit all your plants
next to your gun I thought it was neat
that keg sticky says hey Jack saw you at
the Yeti warehouse sale while my brother
and I were on my way on our way in hope
you got a crud ton of t-shirts and enjoy
time out with your family the DJ there
was poppin PS my brother and I got six
t-shirts for 60 buckaroos yeah it was
great it was awesome I know I tell
people that I went to Aurora Illinois to
buy t-shirts and they all give me the
same look you know just why why is it
because they were really cheap it was I
I guess so so you know yet e.com is like
a nerd t-shirt company yeah and they're
having a big sale and it was in Aurora
Illinois which is you know about two
hours away from Milwaukee here and so
ash fucking I'll I'll go down and you
know I took the kids with me and figured
they could pick out some nerdy t-shirts
you and you know we'd make kind of a
morning of it you know and I I guess I
was expecting it to not be a very big
deal you know like oh I'll be able to
browse some shirts you know they'll
probably have a stack of this and this
size isn't a stack of this in this sizes
and we got there fairly early they
opened at 10:00 and we got there at like
quarter after 10:00 right and it was a
madhouse there was a hundred people in
this very small space and they just had
piles not organized in any kind of
logical order except for it by size kind
of so like here's all the largest here's
all the extra larges here's all the
smalls and then just giant clumps of
shirts that people were ravenously
digging through to find anything cool or
anything they wanted and you paid 20
bucks and you got a tote bag and
anything that you could fit in the tote
bag without falling out you got to keep
and it was
it was insanity and so like me and my
kids were finally able to like muscle
our way into the small section and you
know my kids picked out a whole bunch of
shirts that they liked and then it got
too much for them so they stepped out
into kind of a more open area and then I
I had to I think I punched three old
ladies to get to the men's large section
and just okay this is fine this is fine
this is fine just filled up my tote bag
as much as I could they're all giant
we've established this they're all giant
spider-man is is a midget in this game
spider-man ant-man accidentally hit
spider-man with one of his disks are you
gonna lose your shit in this game he's
shorter than Wolverine are you gonna
lose your shit I will absolutely lose my
head if you're shorter than Wolverine in
this game because Wolverine is supposed
to be very short and it's like but but I
can defend Luke Cage being taller than
spider-man because that makes sense but
just every thug being yeah also being a
giant that's where I can draw a line
spider-man is a hobbit in this in this
game but no we had a great time at the
Yeti sale they had a they had they did
have that really they had really they
were they were selling like vinyl video
game soundtracks if I if I had a record
player I probably would have brought
bought a couple but they had a lot of
neat stuff video games listen that's
what people are into people are under
shit
you know people like collecting stuff
that's fine and and yeah we bought it we
got it we got a bunch of shirts I don't
know exactly the count at the end of the
day because you know we do I we just
started grabbing and filling our tote
bag but we had a great time
you brought your children sure and they
were ok on the trip they what's not to
love about a road trip when you were a
child what's not to love about a
two-hour trip it's two hour road trip we
I have been preparing them for this
their entire life so they know like they
brought books they brought you know
paper to you know color and draw with
and and on the way back we stopped by
the red box and we rented a movie for
the for the drive back and they loved it
so on the way down they were reading
books and drawing and shit they bought
some shirts and on the way back they
watched oh no some movie I forget what
it was I wasn't paying attention I
wasn't paying attention road trips are
great and I did decide I know people are
gonna definitely care about this I'm
gonna I did decide to take the tollway
just to save time because it actually
would have added an extra hour and a
half each direction to go there no time
and I decided that wasn't really worth
it and the tolls were only eight dollars
each way I mean still you know sixteen
bucks but saved me three hours eating
into your t-shirt savings it is it is
but save me three hours so I'm gonna be
okay with it yeah but still I mean still
eight dollars eight eight bucks just in
tolls that ain't not nothing
there nobody rora but I know it's not
that bad getting to Chicago without
tolls Chicago proper like downtown yeah
well you even even the south suburbs
through that sure I mean just that that
first whole wave but you know before you
get to Six Flags from Milwaukee 94 m
oh no it's up now isn't it what isn't it
more than three bucks now the road just
294 oh the road is yeah I know I was
gonna say like that one alone is like
four bucks
five maybe maybe even the one of the
border is like a five it's crazy like
that's five and then get into Chicago
then there's just one other toll and
that one might be too but no I mean it's
not it's not the worst and you know what
the the highways as soon as you cross
over to the Illinois side they're a lot
better they're just a lot better they
take care of ballpark the number of
shirts I got probably thirty probably
thirty like maybe eight for each of the
kids and then at least twelve to fifteen
for me so a roundish 30 shirts for 20
bucks I'm gonna be absolutely ok with
that I want to fuck up and redo this
little oh sure
it's a lot of fucking snipers yeah this
gang is really well coordinated these
aren't the game they're not no but
they're orange like the gang the red
Jack the red and they're wearing like
tech suits I was I was gonna actually
ask you about how the gang got their
tech suits get an iPad I should get an
iPad 30 that's a lot any duplicates you
know the kids got some duplicates you
know like they liked the same shirt so
you get two of the same for the kids but
no for me no duplicates spider-man all
right be good all right be good do well
be good do well $20 plus gas my car gets
decent gas mileage plus $16 and tolls so
36 I mean it's on it probably only cost
me like less than 10 and gas to get
there and back cuz I get decent gas
mileage so I'll say $46 for 30 shirts
and you know about five hours
this game is ten years ten years old
welcome to aging time moves forward rich
welcome to aging normally can you
believe it time passes at regular
intervals yeah I got some t-shirts they
had some really cool like stuffed
animals that the kids God they had a
food truck that was making homemade
doughnuts so we had a couple of those
they had a little coffee stand that was
doing nitro cold brew coffee which is
some of the most delicious coffee you
offer drink it was a hipster
extravaganza
this is great hipster extravaganza
there's the hipster extravaganza you're
damaging your children jacket.i fine
fine children are gonna go to school and
we try and talk to their friends about
the latest vinyl albums and they're just
gonna be they're gonna be fucking
outcasts are you kidding I live in a
hipster neighborhood their friends are
gonna be embarrassed that we don't have
any vinyls my kids will be like like you
want to trade pokemon cards and they're
like are they organic the other kids
they're gonna be like wheat it's sad
right the other kids are gonna say we
can only watch 20 minutes of television
a day because that's how much our solar
battery charges our television has a
great thing it was a great time and I
love road trips and you know the on the
way back the kids wanted to watch so you
know like I let the kids rent whatever
they wanted from the red box cuz in our
we have a minivan because of course we
do because we have children and it's got
a little DVD player and so yeah like the
kids were you know watching their movie
or whatnot and I stuck in some
headphones and I just listened to NPR so
you just get to listen to some nice NPR
programs I love road trips I love
driving
we made peace between the gangster by
punching them all but by showing them
that somebody had set them up to go
after each other oh oh the Power Suit
guys yeah so now the Blues and the
oranges are friends now the blues and
the purples jacket the purple of the
purple and the oranges the purples and
the oranges are friends now great I'm
very happy for the Purple's and the
oranges how long will be until cassettes
are cool Oh Thunderbird cassettes are
all ready we're all ready cool and are
gone now if you go to a hipster show
right now they are selling a cassette if
you go to Alec Alec concert with a
hipster band they are selling their
album on cassette I guarantee it
cassettes are cool again and in fact
it's been too long where they're no
longer now they're not yeah they were
cool about five years ago that's when
people were doing cassettes I nope oh we
got a chaser her little do me any good
to try anything proactive like puncher
because this is the chase black hat
segment good okay even if you get in
front of you just kind of got to wait
for her I think yeah cuz that's our
garbage yes cassettes are garbage but
they're also relatively inexpensive to
produce and kind of a novelty and so you
can't make the argument like with vinyl
you can a lot of people do make the
argument that the sound quality is
better on vinyl yeah then then a digital
or or you know digital on compact disc
but you can't make that argument with
cassettes but they are relatively cheap
to produce and it's cute
that's true and cephalo pathetic says
cassettes are also frequently packaged
with a download code so you get the good
audio quality version 2 and and by the
way that's the same with vinyls like if
you buy a vinyl usually it has a
download code alright I know there's
some bullshit reason why vinyl is better
yeah I don't do cassettes have that no
of course not so it's purely just dumb
ironic shit yep yep fuck off fuck off
you fucking hipster garbage fucking the
hipsters broke rich you're obnoxious
you're you just you're fucking obnoxious
ads cute I hate you so much I can't find
words for my hate you you you literally
gargles like you're hate gurgled up
no and you know I think I think like you
know five ish years ago when people you
know we're getting on the cassette craze
I think there was an argument that a lot
of people still had cassette players in
their cars and says the guy with the
show about VHS tapes cuz that's what the
bad movies are on we happily watch them
on blu-ray if there's a blu-ray version
we will watch that version but no one's
running out to make a blu-ray version of
white fire unless they did did they do
that you didn't have it if they did and
if we did we would have watched that
version of course we watch the best
quality crap we can didn't we watch
ninja ninja 3 on blu-ray such high
quality you could actually see the wire
holding up the ghost sword ninja 3 the
dial yeah that's great that was great so
high equality you can see how truly
awful it is blu-ray of suburban
Sasquatch that that's up we have that on
DVD
right I don't know Matt I don't know oh
by the way that one of the part of the
bad option in this game you you can
basically leave Mary Jane for black cat
oh yes first of all yes if you if you
take the the dark suit option yeah I
don't see why you wouldn't is that the
Hobgoblin or just the glider just just
people with gliders can Mary Jane leave
you for black cat that's that's a it's a
whole different game that's a whole
different set of fanfiction there my
friend but you know you do you hi he
made a Hobgoblin Joker she did he had to
yeah cuz he looks like the Hobgoblin
I'm speaking of have Batman and Catwoman
gotten married yet and have they gotten
divorced yet is that has that happened
yet well I'm trying to remember what my
prediction was after they get married
how many issues at lasts I think I gave
them six issues I might be as generous
as eight eight issues before they get
they can't tell a story and only six
issues anymore jack
how many issues is a trade paperback
isn't that that's only like four or five
I thought well it could vary depends on
the story sure I suppose I suppose it
happens next issue okay so it happens
neck it happens next month we have a
little Batman Catwoman marriage watch
how many days Batman and Catwoman have
been married for yeah X amount of days
yes X amount of months or issues yeah
because we street possibly had to be
dance okay
I'm Delbert we can I can I can now make
that happen absolutely
we'll do it months weeks days I just
days will be easy because then I can
just put you know a little blank space
in between days and then we can fill in
the number like we do with what we're
playing so that'll be easy
what order minis so Jack what would you
did you do it or did you fail currently
I want the really I left the mission
zone again that believe in the mission
zone what I say is the best Spidey suit
I'm fond of this one yeah this one's not
bad the eye that the mask looks
absolutely fantastic in the PlayStation
for 100 I thought you're gonna saying
this one which it does no no no the
PlayStation for one has the best mask
overall this is the best hey I don't
know in any of the games
well I'm trying to think of the other
games it's hard to say just because
there's also a million game I hate the
Sam Raimi costume with the raised
webbing and that fucking basketball
texture for no reason he looks like a
spider-man looks like a fucking
basketball in those movies I can't stand
it I can I can be with you there
I like I've followed the fucking arrow
what do you want I think we might have
been talking about this off camera but I
I really enjoy the homecoming suit yeah
that's a fight that's a great suit
that's great suit it's not in any game
oh no no just spider-man suit in general
yeah you know I like his I like his I
like I know I know you don't much care
for it but I I like the white lines and
I like the sneakers
I like his sneakers in the 90s for him
okay you know why you would have
sneakers you wouldn't have bare feet if
you're running all over the posi stick
another
Oh magic I don't think that just with
his hands fucking magic maybe maybe his
toes don't have any padding but you're
also walking around the streets of New
York you need sneakers you're gonna like
walk into so much broken glass if you
just have like fabric over your feet
what do you want what am I doing wrong
game game what am I doing wrong
Hannover F know everyone hates scarlet
spiders outfit the the sweatshirt with
the sleeves cut off yeah is super ugly
everyone agrees on that I'm not even
that much of a contrarian to say well
actually Scarlet Spider know like it's
just it's awful it's awful
oh my god okay go
what's going on here steel Danko you did
it which is then she has a grabbin kiss
brief Oh
okay Felicia funs over
this is an evite fighting her and the
hang glider
can you start every stream one hour
earlier not yeah sometimes we can't
today it worked out and today it mostly
worked out because we've had an
incredibly long weekend full of very
late nights and so I just kind of want
to be done a little it really hurts me
as it's catching up with me
fucko marx says i just rewatched the
revenant and still thought it was good
any thoughts on it rich have you seen
the revenant no I have also not seen the
revenant okay great
sorry fuck Oh marks way to besmirch
Groucho's good name
nice I'll give you that one I ask you
you know what it's cute can you think of
a soap can you think of a solution to
the problem of superheroes need a mask
to protect their identity but a big star
just needs to show their face fuck the
star keep the mask on yep there you go
problem solved boom fuck the star stars
gonna have plenty of fucking scenes with
the goddamn mask off yep fine it's
absolutely fine and now we got Deadpool
who is perfectly okay CGI emotions on
the mask and the new spider-man mask
does a really great job of also showing
emotion yes no no we're already solving
that problem and and stars the the
world's deal what do I want to say here
the the way movies are made is changing
I don't think stars care that much
anymore back in the day yeah they went
hey you gotta see you gotta see to kiss
huh
because that's what sells the tickets my
friend right but I don't think that's in
that case anymore
people don't care like people don't care
who Tom Holland was that's not why they
went to go see the spider-man they saw
the spider-man movie to see spider-man
and I think everyone knows that now and
so they're all there everyone's okay not
seeing the actors face anymore even the
actor is okay with it
and so we're getting there I think the
name of the movie matters more than the
name of the actor in the movie nowadays
and so we're getting there I think you
know not every hero Mass will translate
to the Deadpool spider-man formula as
well and so that will just be a fun
process for costume designers Rick Arad
says I wanted to see Dredd I finally saw
dread dread is a great is a great case
for for the mask working
I had to prove to Lisa that that was
Karl Urban believe you she didn't
believe me you know I think we were
talking about like thor ragnarok ER or
whatnot and joking oh it was after we
watch The Lord of the Rings cuz Karl
Urban is in Lord of the Rings you know
very young Karl Urban he's in Lord of
the Rings and he's also in Thor Ragnarok
along with Cate Blanchett who's also in
Lord of the Rings and yeah we were
joking about that and I my offhandedly
made a little dread reference she's like
what are you talking about it's like our
Karl Urban is dread and she's no easy he
he didn't show his face that was a
nobody actor he wouldn't do that I was
like he's fucking dread of course he is
that's what makes him so cool is he was
willing to cover his face movie right as
an actor he was willing to make that
sacrifice and she's like now so he has
it like she made me look it up on I'm
desi fucking dummy yeah well she knows
I'm wrong ah dammit Jack you made me
miss the QuickTime event the goddamn
QuickTime event why do these still exist
well actually this is 10 years old so
okay

[Part II]
it's not gonna lamppost I bet that
happens to spider-man all the time oh
fuck it's the kind of Liam posted Wow
look yep
this game is about ten years old yeah
something along those lines yes doesn't
look half bad they went in in shattered
Dimensions they went with uh with a more
like sell shady look yeah to the
spider-man doesn't look bad though
doesn't look bad at all which spider-man
gainer this this is spider-man a web of
shadows
this game came out in October 2008 so
yes just about ten years ago you think
we do a heist for kingpin try to kill me
you know I'll be honest I don't think
the outfit works with with this
particular 3d rendering of her it looks
it looks unnatural they say that the
black cat looks unnatural well I'd say
that's probably an accurate statement
jack what I'm saying is I enjoy the way
she's drawn in the comic but here when
she's moving it looks you know it kind
of looks like a body horror nothing out
of her did she pay for them or did she
steal them no those are part of her
super powers rich what what I mean is
this looks like body horror what are you
gonna do this is y'all this is all you
not a good Rob alright gonna sleep
abroad I don't find a copy of the game
motherfucker
oh they can't we already discussed that
so I'm sure it's on YouTube oh sure all
bad cutscenes oh there you go boom I
think they wanted you to choose kiss and
she's blackhat knows what kind of
diseases she has literally one of her
fighting moves his kiss then punch so
yeah if she does that with like random
henchman to it
who knows what em lips have been
blind one-eyed monster I'm not gonna
read your tip just because it contains
some spoilers for legion season two but
I kind of agree and yes the actor who
plays The Shadow King is super badass
and cool whoever that actor is is
wonderful but I'm not gonna read the
rest of your tip because it contains
spoilers so you kind of agree it's you
know overall it's alright next season is
gonna be interesting
can they do black cat in the Marvel
Studios movie or would it be too weird
since spider-man is 15 years too weird
because spider-man's 15 years old give
it time
give it a little time but I can do
there's a joke in there like she can't
be a main character they did that and
they also put spider Mike Hannibal I
know and I fucking loved it it wasn't
with black cat though it was with it was
with it was when he teamed up with
Wolverine and they went to meets Black
Widow right I'm pretty sure if I can was
but I can't - she's all attracted him
and she sees him without the mask off
and then she throws up oh yes yes yeah
that's right yeah
she sees it without the mask and she
actually throws I guess he's a kid he's
a 15 year old kid in the ultimate kind
of she's a grown-ass man no I was
thinking when he was uh I was thinking
that part when he's teamed up with
Wolverine and they go to visit Black
Widow okay
and he just can't function because she's
the most attractive woman in the world I
don't remember that and he's just a kid
and he like you know he's following
Wolverine around the city and they run
into Black Widow and he can't do
anything it's just well who is that why
hey I have a ball it was that was great
I think I think if they do you know
depending on who teams up in in a part
two of infinity whatever if Tom Holland
runs into Scarlett Johansson there could
be a fun moment there of just him not
being able to function because she's too
attractive so that could be fun
which would work for Tom Holland because
he is such a he's such a fresh fresh
face right innocent kid
ah moon night nobody's favorite
character nobody's favorite character
nation tonight
well I'm know there's one person in the
chat who's gonna be really mad I'm
saying that their line who nights
nobody's favorite nobody's favorite
character moon night aka this one writer
is still under contract so we have to
put out in the night books oh you know
he won't be guys come on it won't be
what infinity war infinity war no no wow
you know yeah you know he's a snow
trooper I don't get it I don't get the
whole moon night thing Marvel Batman
right do we need that no we don't you
know I really don't you just think if
you were Marvel at that point you're
like okay we have two options one find
something different to do with moon
night to maybe we just cut them out
because you know they're already doing
Batman pretty good over there let's just
let them have that one as well can I ask
a question but I have I have the
sneaking suspicion we've had this
conversation before and I don't remember
it okay well ask the question and I'll
see you in a hypothetical future one you
know Disney they're on the way now when
they inevitably own all pop culture
we've had this conversation we have yes
when Disney absorbs DC Comics yes what
will happen when Disney also owns DC
comic do they integrate the DC
characters into the Marvel Universe and
if they do do they incorporate the goofy
fictional cities into the Marvel
Universe we've had this exact same
conversation we had oh yeah I don't
remember oh it went
they are they they they don't do the
crossover yeah is what they do because
once they do the crossover then they
can't put out as many movies throughout
the year if they keep them separate
universes they can they can then add to
DC movie releases a year I'm talking
about in the go like in that you can
keep the movie separate but now I guess
we've merged the comics you're kind of
gonna merge the movie yeah of course but
no like so could you imagine just the
just the the revenue source of to Marvel
movies to Star Wars movies and to DC
movies every single fucking year and
then like once every three years they do
a crossover event yes in the movies and
everyone loses their goddamn yeah yeah
and then and then at the end of one of
the crossover events we see Darth Vader
show up and they cross the Star Wars
with Marvel and DC and everyone pees
their pants
the one thing I'm legitimately afraid of
okay the one of my legitimate fear in
real life yes is that you know you know
I enjoy the Marvel movies yeah I don't
love every single one but in general I
enjoy the Marvel movies yeah and it's a
good thing they got going on yeah keV IG
yeah yeah do you want to leave that
Marvel thing and fix our Star Wars
problem I'm dreading that day it's when
they ruin the precious wonderful Marvel
Universe to fix up that god-awful Star
Wars thing well that they have
absolutely mismanaged that won't happen
because Kevin Feige will say no because
he's a Marvel maybe eat maybe he likes
Star Wars to Jack everyone likes Star
Wars except for me that what what will
happen though and here's here's what
your real concern should be is Kevin
Feige now mega gazillionaire yeah says
you know what I'm out of stories this
has been a great ride I'm gonna hand it
off yeah and he goes and retires and
does his shit and then the next person
says alright I got my own ideas
that is just over right then it's done I
just done yours done well I mean they're
still putting him out
well whatever yeah they're still putting
them out they just plop
it'll be like Star Wars you know I still
like the first three movies you know
everything that's come after and
everything about the universe is crap
mm-hmm I still like the first three sure
sure
you know I mean eventually Kevin finds
he's not gonna want to make them anymore
yeah and you know then I guess it's just
a great big we'll see it's like it's
like when when Steve Jobs died and you
know they had a little bit of material
at Apple left over and really they've
kind of been treading water since on the
technology front no uh no disrespect to
mr. Cook but haven't seen a ton of great
tech Chet as stupid as the Ewoks are
that's how much dumber the rest of the
Star Wars universe is all right I'll
take I'll take a walks over attack of
the fucking clones you'd rather heavy
walks
well Lloyd beats I thought that that
rumor has been squashed that they put
all the spin-offs on hold
there was ray I know whatever I know you
don't care I there was someone floating
around a rumor that they had like closed
off productions but then like Star Wars
came out and said no we're still making
Jack Jack you know what's great
but Farscape is great hi you really are
big fans of the first game show that's
true that's true
that's like The Venture Brothers but
I've been watching some Venture Brothers
and you know I I don't think I've seen
any Venture Brothers
that's fantastic Cheryl it is it is
great it is absolutely great you would
like it I I'm sure I would it sounds
like right up my out something right up
my alley it's a lot like the tick yeah
the the people who created the Venture
Brothers wrote for the tick cartoon show
oh they're the only two people who write
further venture brothers except
occasionally Ben Edlund who created the
tick oh you I would fucking love
interlockings love The Venture Brothers
oh shit I gotta get out of it yes you do
well now that I know that I'm gonna get
on it pretty hard I'll be honest with
you
like it always looked like something
that would be up my alley but I never
you know took that step now I'm gonna
have to so there you go
how have you not seen it because there's
a million and one things to watch on
television right now you probably like
it more as the show goes along too
because it gets more and more superhero
II oh okay yeah you know that's my jam
yeah there's a lot in the Venture
Brothers it's just about the bureaucracy
of villainy that's that's so been Edlund
by the way yes the guild of calamitous
intent they're kind of like one of the
main the main organizations not a
serious and they're they're basically
the supervillain Union but you and
there's all these rules
selamat two suns in on who you're
allowed to arch for okay I mean I'm on
it
I'm in on it you you hooked me you told
me all the things I needed to do oh wait
I gotta find a Oh
objective to destroy Oh
my leg you got that drill yeah
what no spider-man what are you doing
Jack was born to cosplay the monarch
listen is the monarch bald with glasses
what do you think you need you need well
the eyebrows would have to be glued on
anyway no his eyebrows go up like here
oh okay alright and and you don't really
see his hair you don't see you sad thing
the crown yeah okay listen you yeah
you'd be a good mother
I'll watch The Venture Brothers I'll
give it a shot absolutely give it a shot
we're a fake goatee and you could
cosplay dr. venture
oh yeah he's bald there you go
check it out more fun as the monarch
once after I start watching this I'm
gonna get that this this whole that's
all I could be the monarch thing it's
great just that that couple of moments
when you're when you're just falling
that's a really important feeling I
think in a spider-man game to just the
the glide and float yeah
that's the feeling that's the feeling
you want the monarch is a major villain
who at this point in the series's has
basically stolen the spotlight from the
actual main characters alright if this
shows probably more about the monarch
than anyone else
at this point you know you're right what
you like that's great
pardon me for a moment
went away for a second I'm all turned
around that was awkward
what what okay
yeah there is a non-emergency but a kind
of a thing I need to go home and come
back you need to go home we'll come back
well how long we go how long would you
go a couple hours couple hours okay so
this is this is the midstream break
midstream break okay it's seven o'clock
so we still have like two more hours to
stream so it's gonna be gone for
approximately twenty minutes you I have
to go home I have to do a very short
thing and then I have to come back
alright so I just wanted alright you do
that I wanted to warn you I wanted to
warn you I will come back I won't have a
story to tell I'm not gonna tell you why
but uh you know okay use your
imaginations I'm gonna play a little bit
longer we'll take a break great we'll do
it we'll be back yeah I probably would
help unless you want to come back again
with the police only with your help can
the police hope to defeat kingpins man
shame I was all happy to talk about the
Venture Brothers with Jack now it's
ruined he's gone
no more Venture Brothers talk it'd be
great if Jack actually gets into the
venture brothers don't cuz then we can
have an actual conversation about it
they fly around on and check it for
logos
the question is should Jack start the
vegie brothers at the pilot which is
kind of rough we should we should start
a poll whether or not Jack will love or
hate The Venture Brothers
pilots one of your favorite episodes
chat person in chat is that alley it's
terrible
I remember the animation those really
really terrible compared to the later
seasons
now that that mission was quick
well my optional objectives here
stop kink and gang wars oh my god
easy how am i sell those streams great
this is why so I'm gonna wait a little
bit and take a break cuz my soul will
stream suck cuz I play the game and I
don't talk and you all know that but I'm
saying that right now because I don't
know what the fuck else to say don't say
anything until jackets back that would
be really easy for me like I get I could
handle that
come on come on come at me bro
sign in with that block that's way off
way off still fucking
my blog button broke
what did you throw them at the bad guy
sorry something up something out of my
god
all right so what's what's going on in
really rich doesn't see too many movies
in the theater net not really not really
I can usually wait and the problem with
that is a lot of times when I wait I
don't get around to seeing it anyway
this is why I haven't seen Ragnarok yet
you know what just just fuck you man
there you go there you go
learn HD remake of this game a standard
is bad it's a good game let's progress
the damn story someone I know I want I
really want to earn points so I can
upgrade more shit but I'd also like to
get further in the story it's like damn
damned if you do damned if you don't
I was much cashed I have to work with oh
that's nice yeah I want that
oh that sounds cool yeah we're gonna get
some more evil attacks evil aviel
well done this may lead us to the source
of kingpins weapons it's hope so I've
received information that the kingpins
men may be making an attempt to rob or
destroy the Daily Bugle are you familiar
with it do you read the newspaper I
suggest you go there at once it may be a
diversion so I will monitor Fisk
industries for unusual activity I'll
check it out
combat always kills it for you in these
games
look the combat in this one this
particular spider-man game I think is
great I think this one gets it right
lots of lots of aerial stuff and I
haven't been using it as much but the
black suit it's got a little bit more
blue troop force type attacks
I've got a feeling that the bugle is not
the target
what
it's the courthouse clever using the
bugle as a false lead
though with ultimate I don't think
that's as good as this the combat is
better in this than it is an ultimate
art wise it's neat the way ultimate
spider-man is designed to look like a
Mark Bagley comic overall this is the
better game though
keep them busy they're surrounding the
building we don't have enough firepower
Ultimate Comics not the game the
ultimate spider-man comic books were
good right up until Bendis ruined them
the ultimate spider-man comic books were
too ultra serious all the time that
there was never a breather between
traumatic events in Peter Parker's life
and it just became horrific to read
rather than fun and then rather than
letting Peter Parker run off into the
sunset he he kills him off for extra
depression points
what I guess I ran out of time No
okay I'm not paying enough attention I
guess super fucking report my take out
the blighters
oh wait I got to take up homes
all right so many beads pay more
attention a lot more attention that's
what he's doing
I see what I'm doing I see what I'm
doing now
bang out of that sorry I can't help it
sometimes
you finally got a stream and and it's me
being quiet I apologize
yeah we're not doing too bad
jack-jack didn't fall in he had to run
away for a bit he'll be back almost
forgot about these guys
it's my commercial
I can't kind of slept in it
spider-man this administering a much
yeah a little bit be fair this is a
shitty PC port of a game you could
probably get this and I know this game
runs decently on a Playstation 3 I have
that version that's where I first played
it alright
Evil's been defeated
that wasn't long at all I've said about
four words 20 minutes on the dot
well you said you hadn't spider-man
shattered but did you want to switch
games that's up to you if you just want
to keep playing we can keep playing what
is chatting about boo shit what is what
is the chat want it'll take a little bit
to download but I can't imagine it'll be
very long with the download oh look we
should start it now then if it's not
downloaded I was thinking you brought
like the console version or something no
I uh yeah here why don't you why don't
you get that started
steam copy what are you why don't you go
get that started okay no problem
I don't want to use the restroom myself
oh okay hey yeah it's gonna jack solo
stream for a little bit I was a good
everybody hello welcome back oh it's my
it's my is my green bottle messing up
the the the world's our reality probably
how is the pilot of the Venture Brothers
yes I watched it I watched one episode
of The Venture Brothers on my drive home
and back almost crashed like three times
okay yeah yes biscuits okay everything's
fine oh oh
there we go I just wanted to to see the
stream okay
yeah actually yes eggs that's what it
was that's that's the that was the
emergency uh I got a I got a text from
my wife saying we were out of eggs and I
needed him needed to get him needed to
get him right away
no I'm gonna give the show I'm gonna go
Venture Brothers more than three
episodes it sounds like it would be a
show that I enjoy quite a bit just
knowing the the writers so no I'm gonna
give it I'm gonna give it more than a
couple logging in spider-man shattered
Dimensions oh oh we got a bunch of
downloads here that we just don't need
nope nope nope nope nope nope right
nope library oh also we don't need you
know no library and beat him in next
finish beat him in speed even better
dimensions yes rich is wearing L arena
Oh actually I can see what my bottle
looks like now it's a it's a green water
bottle
that's so no it's very interesting very
interesting
I want to see rich get into Resident
Evil 4 I don't know if he would
necessarily get into it I mean it I
think it's a fantastic game
remember it is a third-person shooter
that you uh oh is it on steam is
Resident Evil 4 on steam i was gonna say
rich would hated because it's a
third-person shooter where he has to use
a controller to aim hold on um you are
what as any before biohazard 4 that's
not right
Oh oh my God look at this Resident Evil
4 5 6 bundle right now is almost 80% off
shit that's quite a price you can get
Resident Evil 4 right now for $5 okay
for five goddamn dollars right now so I
take it they're called biohazard in some
parts of the world the Resident Evil
games apparently yeah I was wondering
why it was called Resident Evil 4
biohazard 4 it's called biohazard in
Japan oh well there you go there you go
i I I think I still have a copy for my
GameCube because of course that's what I
played it on it for a while it was a
GameCube exclusive would you rather do
that or the shattered Dimensions yeah
we're spider Manning okay and spider-man
we have about ten minutes to download
spider-man so we got a we got a I you
just fuck around little bit shadows for
ten minutes exactly it's still up yeah
alright put that down put that back up
boom they go boom shakalaka shaka laka
when the walls fell David II know people
says hey rice and jerk you guys should
really play injustice to now is a
perfect time because you're Jurassic
world's to video the bugle but that's
neither rich and I I don't know what
you're talking about I was in it oh you
were a lot of people a lot of people on
Twitter will
well like ask me questions regarding
half in the bag
yeah and or like general red letter
media stuff and it's just I was like not
my department
right right I need I just need a canned
response just to be like junior Mike
contact that red letter media I think I
think your reply should always be well
it was getting the last episode anytime
you get asked well it was the last time
why didn't you do this when it was left
I mean it's the last episode so we
wanted to go out on a bang I like that
like that you figured it out
let us go at once do the chemistry
where's the spider made sure we fill
that o fill that a couple days ago I
might have warrants why war I grab my
spider shirt now because for playing
spider-man games of course of course I
might have been worrying this two days
ago oh no no no you did it you know what
I actually I don't know if the Canadians
have their own YouTube channel
I actually I don't think they have a
youtube channel because you know they're
professionals in the industry yeah so I
don't think they have time for a YouTube
channel as they make actual movies and
TV shows
so good luck spider-man
you do a Station one game what
PlayStation oh yeah thing I have no idea
how bad PlayStation 1 games look they
have no idea nostalgia is a funny funny
thing rich this game is apparently more
overlooked than I thought it was is it
I'm reading people have to say about it
sounds like it mmm
well I I could see a lot of I mean a lot
of the spider-man games have very
similar things to them so I can see a
lot of spider-man games kind of mushing
together yeah into one general spiders
one looks a lot different than them all
the movie games look generally the same
murder it's got the ugly basketball
costume on yeah yeah and then ultimate
spider-man is need because they did it
in the style of Mark Bagley yeah the
graphics you ever seen that one no no
the graphics are done in the style of
Mark Bagley its associated oh that'd be
nice
yeah that look cool alright
Oh spider-man I love to see that thing
pop when he gets all angry you shoot me
you know you know kingpin is a criminal
why not destroy ps/2 was great though
PlayStation 2 was great
but that was a PlayStation 2 was a was
yeah was great by sheer will of quantity
Rams work a significant jump over in the
PlayStation 1 yes that's also true yet
this convinced I remember I think the
firt the very first game I probably told
this story on stream before but the very
first game I played on the PlayStation 2
was SSX tricky yeah and I was at my
friend's college dorm and he had just
gotten a PlayStation 2 and we were
playing SSX tricky and it blew my mind
like how good it looks
I remember being just dumbfounded
in fact I'm gonna sing there there our
PlayStation 2 era games when they're not
trying to be photorealistic
yeah that still hold up sure things are
the cartoony or look to them sure sure
your Katamari daemon sees yeah yeah
I don't know if that's a joke mall Rako
mall Rock Hill says ps2 was a really
good DVD player though that's what
gotten into homes but like I was gonna
say I don't know if that was a joke but
that was a legit selling point I think
they're just referencing that oh that
could be because I remember you know ps2
original xbox era was when I was working
at the used videogame store and that was
a legitimate selling point to a lot of
parents that came in and we're like I'm
thinking about getting a system for my
kid what should I get
and you know I once I mentioned that the
the PlayStation 2 you know you could
play DVDs on it they're like sold sold
and I was like and and you know over
those three walls over there that's our
PlayStation 2 library and these two
shelves are our Gamecube library so you
know shoes shoes what you want I think
they just play the sports games or you
get up and get a Playstation spider-man
why aren't you he won't web towards that
building he'll only go towards that one
that's weird
that was weird that was weird
yeah DVD players at the time were rather
pricey I think there's a similar
argument to be made with a PlayStation 4
nowadays and just having a nice blu-ray
player is decent blu-ray nothing I don't
think people care about blu-rays much so
they don't that is getting a DVD player
was a big deal getting a DVD yeah it was
a huge jump up over a fucking VHS oh god
yes you can't say the same thing about a
blu-ray versus a DVD that's true that's
true but if you're in the market for a
blu-ray player and also thinking about
getting a game console I think there are
less marked people in the market for a
blu-ray player oh yeah no I'll give you
that I really think that yeah I'm with
you
if you're watching on a large enough TV
the step-up from DVD to blu-ray is
definitely significant not in the eyes
of the average consumer whoa what this
is kind of a badass version of the
vulture this wing sir that's art that's
like an anime version of the vulture
right there
that's crazy
and you know I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
disagree blu-rays look you know
definitely look better than DVDs but the
the point is a demonstrable jump in the
eyes of John Q public
when you guys gonna play injustice -
yeah one of these days I'll play it one
of these days why are people so hard up
on injustice - they like they like to
fighting games rich
I suck at them we do suck at them
they're just button mashers to us I
don't I don't get it but you know we we
have injustice to all so I think you
know because we've attempted to play
injustice to once and failed I think
it's they're they're looking for a
redeeming our kin they're looking for
that uptick like you tried once and
failed let's you know let's uh let's get
it together
yeah
the vultures great
overall rich what would you say about
this spider-man story I don't give a
shit it's fun game ok I don't know that
any of the games had a good story right
I was good I just yeah what is the story
of those two you like does it even
matter or just you go fight the bad guys
you find the bad guys well there's the
story here is almost a fake-out okay
like I said this basically turns into a
zombie game you're investigating the
kingpin mystery yeah and the kingpin
thefts and then people in the streets
just start freaking out as you're
investigating like the kingpin thing
every now then you'll get like mauled by
just normal pedestrians okay
and then more and more of them show up
but it turns out they're all possessed
by symbionts okay the kingpin plot kind
of just gets submerged by the zombie
thing starts that's a little that's a
little bit of bull hockey right there
that's neat it's why I think this
started out as a Marvel Zombies game I
legitimately think this started out as
Marvel Zombies game but we haven't
gotten to any of that yet right right
then they spent a little extra time and
put the spider-man game on top of it
who are the red guys kingpins henchmen
they're stealing technology form
that's needs what you're jumping out to
get them
yep you got it you got a you know yeah
get to the henchmen to get to him yep
whoever was the the creator of this
little sequence that's cool that's the
spider-man sequence you want
he's just dangerously constantly falling
according to hyper us darts web of
shadows which was originally supposed to
be a Marvel Zombies the video game
according to a blog post but was changed
because of story problems Mr Marvel
didn't want spider-man eating people
right well it'd be my guess this is
further back as in-game when defending
the stark tower at the moment the
symbiotes enter the safe area a message
will appear saying remove the zombies
from the gate the error still appears in
the Spanish version of the game huh I
had always suspected that so I'm not
shocked at all
either they couldn't get the rights oh
they just couldn't figure out I'm
assuming Marvel got cold feet oh sure
sure they didn't want spider-man eating
people as the dark path of the game
ah QuickTime events a QuickTime event
for eating an opponent mary jane with a
shotgun makes more sense now yeah yeah
yeah I'm sad it didn't get made that way
honestly yeah well it probably would
have gotten a lot more people talking
about it yeah was this at the height of
zombie mania well at the time
Marvel Zombies was a thing in the comics
there was a Marvel Zombies comic book
series yeah him where are we in uh let's
see here I mean let me see if I can
speed through one or two more story bits
cuz I think I think the zombies are
basically about ready to start showing
off sure I'm trying to see I'm trying to
look at like movie trends to see if
zombies were big oh yeah you know
2007-2008 we have one was fuckin Dawn of
the Dead was that was earlier 2004 well
how many years did that zombie trend
last right I am Legend came out in 2007
so that was right before
maybe and this came this came out right
after the the horrible spider-man
Sam Raimi spider-man 3 so maybe that's
what gave him cold feet is like yeah
we're losing our spider-man brand
we're losing consumer confidence in our
spider-man brand let's uh let's you know
keep it nice and safe being spider-man
I'm legend about a pile of shit compared
to the sorry you know what I
I think there's a lot of redeeming
qualities to Will Smith's I am Legend
yeah I do I haven't seen it over overall
it's not great and I'm not saying that
it's a great movie I'm saying it has a
couple sequences in it that are
legitimately great it ends on a cold wet
fart unusually high on abscess and
mysterious medical emergencies
mysterious medical emergency yeah yeah
that's not a Symbian there's an allusion
to a zombie right there yo how much of
the script do we need to change to get
rid of all zombies yeah but like up and
up until the end which like I said of
Will Smith's I'm legend which just
honestly completely wusses out of the
the original premise of the story uh-huh
for anyone who doesn't know I am Legend
you know it's it's it's basically like a
lone scientist is is left in what's
remains of New York and he's trying to
figure out like the cure to the zombie
ISM right and he spends all the movies
like hunting the zombies and trying to
cure them and at the very end the
zombies are closing in on him and he and
he finds the cure right but then we find
out spoiler alerts that the zombies are
now their own culture and the reason he
is legend is because
like he's a legend to them because he's
been killing yeah like they're sentient
and they fear him because he kills them
all right and the movie completely
washes out of that premise
oh but up until then that's like the
original book yeah yeah and the the
Vincent Price movie - this is the movie
on that way does it
okay thanks oh yeah you know what as
soon as I said it it didn't feel right
yeah but up until it completely washes
out of the premise it is a solid film a
solid solid film with a really great
like atmosphere and tone to it they have
this whole this whole running bit with
Will Smith talking to mannequins that
are left over in storefronts and the
friending mannequins and then this
amazing sequence where this mannequin
that's always in this one store is
suddenly in the middle of the street and
he and Will Smith starts flipping out
that this mannequin is in the middle of
the street and like yelling at the
mannequin is just Will Smith who I think
is a really good actor there's some
really quality filmmaking in there and
then it just shits the bed who just Pyla
pile of wet farts but I do hear I want
to say one of the one of the DVD
releases has the original ending so I
got I got a track that down let's see
the original ending where where you know
he cures the one but we find out that
he's really the bad guy
what the hell kind of conversation did I
just walk into me discussing Will
Smith's I am Legend which I think has
several redeeming qualities even though
ends on a bit of a sour note and you
know oh pose that I don't know just kind
of perfect
just gliding gliding up it's fine it's
fine
they gave you a quick way up and I'm
fine with that yeah you know what I do
thing here we go those are definitely
zombies yeah those are 100% zombies I
know I know
it would have been really awesome if
they just let this be a frickin Marvel
Zombies game Oh given that's clearly not
blood that's definitely symbiote no if
not blood at all
can't have that oh my god
I do think Will Smith is it legitimately
talented actor I don't know I don't know
why that's a controversial statement I
think he often time doesn't choose the
best roles and I think that depending on
the director you know he can have bad
performances but he's also had very good
performances
you know having some bad movies doesn't
make him a bad actor
I am also glad he passed up on Morpheus
in the matrix if he was even offered
Morpheus I don't know if that's true or
not but Laurence Fishburne does a really
great job as Morpheus
I think the white jackie's could have
gotten a good performance out of Wells
matter like what cannot nobody have the
symbiotes ever turned people into
mindless monsters has that ever happened
ah no I mean I'm just not that
well-versed in comics but so I mean I'm
gonna say no but who knows you know I'm
sure there's not like a planet carnage
that yeah look where that happened
oh that's right we were just talking
about this the other day
Will Smith wasn't supposed to be
Morpheus Will Smith was supposed to be
neo and Sean Connery was supposed to be
Morpheus which would have made it a very
different movie you just building
spider-man yeah we were just talking
about that what a what a what a
wonderful universe I would love to peek
into you know there's a lot of a lot of
times you just wish you could peek into
an alternate universe I'd love to just
peek into that universe and watch that
movie where Will Smith is neo and Sean
Connery is Morpheus was that original
cast or something yeah I did not know
that that would be fantastic exact same
except Will Smith is new and Sean
Connery is Morpheus I would love to
watch that
this is still pretty horrific are these
meant to be symbiotic clones or just
people possessed that explode after
being beaten up people possess that
expose their probably supposed to assume
they're dead already
maybe well if this were the original
zombie game then well yes but once they
get possessed by a symbiote are they
like can you save them every now and
then if you beat them harder if you beat
the symbiote off of them well or just
throw him off a building it's fine we're
just I'm off building either way
basically when the real story takes over
would have been a better film Michonne
economy the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen well as rumor has it as
Hollywood rumor has it Sean Connery made
two big mistakes he sees Sean Connery
turned down the matrix and turned down
playing Gandalf in Lord of the Rings but
my moon Knights mad at you for throwing
people off the globe you threw people
fucking moon night so so Sean Connery
turned down both of those movies because
both of those movies had heavy
green-screen and CG elements and Sean
Connery didn't really understand those
elements and so turned down both of
those movies right and then after they
were both hugely successful Sean Connery
said okay the next time I'm offered a
movie that has CG in it I'll accept it
because obviously a movie having CG
means it's gonna be good and it was
offered the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen
to be fair lord of the rings' had huge
potential to fail miserably absolutely
but he only turned it down because he
didn't understand the cg part of it and
to be fair I think the movie would have
failed had Sean Connery been Gandalf
because he would have Sean Connery did
hello my little friend my little Hobbit
yes we've got to go to Mount Doom my
neighbor in there I'll spy you whipped
we've got to take the rings to Mordor
fly you for shuddering Sean are a canary
that's what they call me in any case
that's that's Hollywood rumor that I've
always loved oh these guys showed up
when you were on oh oh you can't you
can't get in and drive around it
Lord of the Rings is perfect don't ruin
it for me Lord of the Rings was perfect
and that's why I'm very happy that Sean
Connery turned down the Lord of the
Rings for whatever reason
Ian McKellan is still alive just very
very old we've talked about that earlier
time marches on typically typically I'll
literally all you can hope for is to get
very very old that's literally the best
you can hope for yes at the moment
that's the best you can hope for
I want the version of this game where
after you saved the civilian you can eat
them for power ya know just for eating
them for zombie point so sad for example
well I was thinking like if you eat them
okay okay
these symbiote people right I thought
that I I was assuming that maybe you
were you were reading a little too much
to this whole they were definitely
zombie things but they were definitely
zombies like the way they're crawling
around yeah it's ridiculous that's not
even how the symbiotes act
that's like it's you just just murdering
people just ripping them to shreds
they're already dead jack they're
already dead
the symbiote killed the symbian yeah yes
and and to feed the symbiote they need
to you know feast on other humans to
feed the city oh but they're not zombies
so you want you want the world where I
am legend had the alternate ending I
want the world where this actually was a
zombie game Oshawott sure go on with
eating people and everything well you
know I like I think you could see that
you can there's enough of the the
original zombie game here where you see
that clearly but I think the world in
which Sean Connery and Will Smith were
in the matrix is so bizarre you know
that it's hard for me to even picture
what that would look like
all right let's see what we got here we
got culture fist who says I love you
guys and sometimes I say things I don't
mean Jake how do you feel about premiere
pro rich what do you like for breakfast
I have lunch not breakfast well what
what do you like for the first meal of
the day whatever makin and eggs and
anyone go to Subway all right what do
want to go where you want to go Karen a
lot of people like routine my breakfast
is basically normal lunch for people Wow
unusual
I am very unusual that's true that's
true buying you and I
I enjoy premier Pro to be fair though I
haven't edited on anything else in the
past eight years and so there's very
little I can compare to though I
obviously I still use it for a reason
because it
camera camera awkwardness camera oh wow
because it works very well for me I
enjoy the workflow of premier I enjoy
how easily it works with my other
editing programs Photoshop its
compatibility with After Effects it all
just works and and so yes I enjoy
premier quite a bit I like its
integration with with the Adobe apps I
use a program when I'm capturing
gameplay footage called Adobe live
logger which is a way to take notes and
to create markers that you can then sync
up with your footage later and so then
when I have all my gameplay footage
imported I click a little button it
automatically yes this should be fun
what is this let's see how big a little
shorter than spider-man that's fine just
a little bit
yeah that's fair Oh cuz you have this
Indian suit yeah I get it
that's nice so uh so anyway it's a
really easy way to make markers for my
gameplay footage so then when I'm
looking through my gameplay footage I
can say oh I did something need to hear
I did something right there so I like
the whole Premiere Pro eco system the
whole Adobe eco system but speaking of
DRM yeah that's that's you know Adobe
now has you have to pay monthly and
Adobe checks in every once in a while
even if you turn off all internet my ass
it has like adobe has like a built in
like I want to say it has like a an
eight-month timer on it so you could you
can turn you know turn off all your
payments to Adobe and then turn off your
internet on your computer and still get
eight months of editing out of it but
then eventually it will try to phone
home and you know they sell it as if you
pay X amount of dollars a month what are
your parents names he wants to prove you
really you oh sure that's cute oh no I
know the answer what are his parents
names no I know Ben and may that's not
his parents though I'm gonna say shut up
and fight I'm gonna say shut up in
fights
my dad shut up and my mom fight okay I'm
gonna say I'm not looking at chat I'm
gonna get that my reason I'm gonna say
what I owe ya god I think it's Richard
and Mary because I think Herman is too
silly okay it's Richard and Mary okay
good all right
on wiki entry my nose doesn't lie
but yeah so adobe sells their DRM as
sure you have to pay a monthly fee and
you have to you know get a digital
handshake but you get you know every
update we come up with you get whenever
we come up with it so anytime we have a
better version we'll give you that
better version right away and all the
new features and you know you never have
to buy it again because what what was
the question whose killers did we track
in Berlin and I know this too oh I don't
know that one the at the time original
Hobgoblin Ned Leeds before that was read
canto oh okay
so they've all would comment continuity
interestingly enough that is very
interesting and is that does that
information appear anywhere else in the
game no that's just if you're a comic
buff
that's really interesting
oh yes now Wolverine is is murdering
civilians you would yeah is Adobe stuff
actually well optimized now I think so
it works for me it has its quirks but so
does literally every piece of software
ever and you know it really has decent
customer support where your your pet you
know obviously you're paying for
professional editing software and you're
paying every month and so every time
I've ever had a problem customer support
has always been there to help but walk
me through it
and it's completely not it's not totally
janky which I can't say the same for
Final Cut 7 which was the last editing
software I used what's what's the next
question gonna be oh you've told me this
battleworld yep
what kind of need are you or what kind
of nerd am i I'm a bit of a I'd say my
most nerd is is is techie I enjoy I
enjoy the technology I enjoy the the
editing technology mostly because that's
what I do for work and I get very into
my work Wow daredevil pretty sure
because I think Luke age and Captain
America were both on it nope nope that
wasn't who was it
who turned down being in the New
Avengers the question was who turned
down being in the New Avengers Luke Cage
Captain America daredevil or none of the
above
was it captain was that was it a
bait-and-switch
I think you organized it no Avenue of it
yeah the New Avengers is the one
spider-man was hot oh okay we put in
daredevil and Wolverine said we weren't
ourselves so it wasn't daredevil none of
the above maybe that could be it yeah it
was supposed to be they were all in it
what are you talking about
nope gotta go to his wall to ask his
question critical mass what is critical
mass mutant this I don't know does I
have no fucking clue I'm assuming it's a
mutant kingpins the obvious joke
cuz he's fat yeah well or it's probably
a critical mass videogame or is is that
the joke is you fought the kingpin and
that was the joke you made before I'm
going with a you're going with amusing
yeah alright oh yeah nice maybe you are
Spider Man
Oh back to the factors question wall who
served us roasted by who served us roast
and pie probably probably I may
wait so is that correct or not
black points of no oh maybe it was Jean
Grey goodbye Mary Jane the Mary Jane
wasn't an option I don't think she was
when I'm mom it was Aunt May I think we
got that one wrong maybe you're getting
I probably getting black points for for
putting on him before we take out all of
the zombies okay I can't I can't call
them simpie it's it's just that's just
grossly inaccurate right Tony Stark was
on the right yeah but I guess you can
control this parasite use it just helped
me recognize them I can't tell if
someone's infected or not all right I'll
try but you're playing with fire kid
that thing gets control of you it's over
i wolverine is their Marvel Zombies mod
for this game probably not and why is
Wolverine quizzing us this is so dumb no
it makes sense I mean obviously like
it's a little dumb in context of the
fight because he keeps going to his one
wall and asking weird questions but he
you know story wise it makes sense
because he doesn't believe you're still
yourself he wants to make sure that you
really are Peter Parker and so he's
asking you personal questions that only
Peter Parker would know like who was
critical mass that one's kind of dumb
that one's gonna do alright there are
several in that group right there where
look clearly zombies
Logan and Spidey are sort of friends in
the Marvel Universe oh yeah frenemies
you know I don't think he liked that he
kept coming on to Mary Jane yeah I think
they're you know what they are they're
they're um good Cal wait the marriage
got erased they're good cop bad cop
they're reluctant partners and there are
great pairing Wolverines whole purpose
is you know to be the reckless badass
and I truly believe that Wolverine
doesn't really work unless he has a
straight-laced counterpart and so that's
why he works so well with with
spider-man spider-man can be the
straight-laced counterpart Wolverine can
be a reckless badass
I said you want off-switch shattered
Dimensions now yeah whatever you want to
do man I'm happy we got to some of the
zombie stuff whatever you you know we my
point basically a hundred percent proof
absolutely I don't know like I probably
have to start shattered Dimensions over
because I don't know if they have like
cloud saves but I can probably get
through the tutorials pretty fast no I
can't say I'm trying a mission want fuck
it I'll give shit um shut that down do
that show that zone I'm gonna sneeze you
can do that what pardon me
Spidey in Deadpool oh yeah well you know
just it's that's the the classic
straight-laced goofball dudududu where
am I going I'm going to steam that's
right Barry shattered Dimensions okay
okay oh wait let's let me update the let
me update the thing oh can you update
that thing what thing the overlay I'm
gonna update twitch stream info let's
see here this is shattered nope that's
not how you spell that
spider - man Oh what it doesn't like
this I wasn't doing that again it's
doing that again
Wow Oh for fuck's sake Oh
I do do do do how do we make the small
great question hold on one thing at a
time yeah yeah don't worry about here
you know what what retitled spider-man
fuck it perfect

[Part III]
I'm sorry titled spider-man fuck it
perfect spider-man horribly off-center
perfect that's good enough to clear that
good enough for me all right boom right
back into the game room yeah good here's
that okay there's some tips word we
leave off I don't know man you watch the
new season of West world did you read
that one no I have not read that one
okay I'm watching the new season of West
world but I'm like four episodes behind
so I'm not very close I think one for
that premium Pro okay Wow is there one
before that for which for me one under
that is the injustice - oh man we are
gonna Empire State University after dark
semester and there yet and the master of
illusion himself and Stanley marriage
they should have gone full dome I can
smell your but in general I like that
costume why no man wait how wouldn't you
eat a mint through that fishbowl oh yeah
that's not bad
Neil Patrick Harris
nice don't get me wrong your illusions
are if you but if you ask me they could
use a little more
uh-huh
souvenirs are available in the gift shop
stop it
seats your incessantly
yeah Neil Patrick Harris isn't bad
or spider-man broke it I take it this
one is an open world I have no idea I
didn't get that far I just got through
this tutorial okay so this night wasn't
strange enough already the tablet of
order and chaos is the most powerful of
the tablet of order and chaos that might
be the lamest name of anything tablet of
order and chaos
come on the tablet of cord oon the the
writings of Alice no he doesn't do all
the spider-man voices in fact spider-man
noir spider-man is Christopher Daniel
Barnes who did the voice in the 90s
cartoon other knees yes I have explained
our dire situation to them they will be
your allies in this quest but I'm the
most charming right you must gather all
the pieces of the tablet before they
fall into the wrong hands or our reality
as well as theirs would be utterly
destroyed how many different versions
experimented using this yeah I think
it's just the four no what are the four
$1.99 Noir ultimate and amazing or
spectacular or whatever ultimate
ultimate like 16 year-old Peter Parker
room let's get started
I believe I believe ultimate is is kind
of like black suits 16 year old Peter
Parker
okay because and she said like in the
same time but in a different in a swift
universe and so it's alright and now
scale the wall with your unique adhesive
abilities I believe the technical term
is stick empowers yep I'm crawling up a
wall - Tori oh science ed says hey guys
I need these he launched a new season of
Westworld just head of the season finale
detecting I've not even seen the first
West world's is fantastic show by the
way and if you're looking for yet
another good sci-fi show to watch ok
West world is it rather beefy spider-man
you know he's been hitting the juice
he's working out he's you know it's fine
I gotta I gotta invert those controls
yeah he's kind of a little beef to him
that's alright ever played maximum
carnage no I have not played maximum
carnage I could say the maximum carnage
well at the time was my least favorite
spider-man story but they've had so many
loads since then maximum the Bluefish
doing in the black suit stay calm
young Peter this suit has extra
abilities you would
like what trying to take over my body I
said stay calm my psychic powers will
keep it from overwhelming you yeah well
I hope yeah this is ultimate spider-man
everybody forgets that he had a cloth
version of that outfit three years yes
and that outfit looks amazing everyone
does forget that yes because now black
outfit is Cyndi and you can run across
narrow walkways such as this one without
fear of falling due to your natural
agility and powers of adhesion the
fragment is at the end of the corridor
can you swing across to it you and I
lady it's my trademark okay what are
your thoughts on carnage and possible UV
control they're talking about doing a
car in jammu V or something
I have no idea
courage was fun for one story but
honestly a little bit too dark for
spider-man
that's the carnage thing he just murder
he's a serial killer with a symbiote
costume he just kills everyone he runs
across
he's very deep a character yes I'm here
they're supposed to do something else
use your spider sense they're like the
only other thing they showed you to do
no you gotta get that thing
you think
yes I know that carnage is kind of
venoms kid I'm well aware I I happen to
think the venomous probably spider-man's
most overrated villain
I don't mind venom is a villain uh-huh
there's not much depth to that rivalry
at least not as originally written venom
has some of the weakest motivations of
any fictional character outside of
Anakin Skywalker I think the game
glitched Eddie Eddie Brock his whole
thing is spider-man cocks the real
killer and ruined my newspaper story I'm
so mad at spider I'm so mad at
spider-man for saving those lives yeah
it's a really weak motivation for
spending decades wanting to kill
somebody yes yes and Eddie Brock in
ultimate spider-man somewhat better
somewhat better because they had this
kind of whole brother situation but but
Peters parents love them more and
there's a little deeper that's kind of
what they did in the spectacular
spider-man cartoon okay at least yeah
childhood friend Peters yeah but you
always had a better Pete and you oh you
took advantage of it yeah
I gotta admit this suit does feel
apparently under control yes he's a cool
visual but honestly if you like the cool
visual then you're all just safe
spider-man where the cloth version of
the black suit every now and then and
you get your awesome visual yeah
the venom has substance not motivation
he's a big giant monster that wants to
kill spider-man where's the substance
there unless you're actually talking
about his physical muscles he's okay but
he is definitely overrated as a villain
all he has is a neat visual oh my god oh
my god blind one-eyed monster yes
venom is the Darth Maul of the
spider-man universe yes you are that is
you nailed it
you you nailed it you're absolutely
right
you're absolutely right also this game
is very broken yeah I actually don't
know if we'll be able to I have
progressed fastest in the game before
you blame Todd McFarlane Todd McFarlane
gets too much credit for venneman he did
give venom of the mouth okay and
probably the bulk sure but like when you
think of the tongue that's flapping
around and the those eyes that are all
fucked up and jagged and this this
horrid teeth and the like the super
elongated mouth yeah that's all Eric
Larson mmm
basically Todd McFarlane just gave him
mouth and then Eric Larson thought the
character was so boring he drew him in a
way that he thought was fun yeah yeah
the savage dragon guy who was one of the
better spider-man artists but he doesn't
get enough credit because he took over
after Todd McFarlane who was an
overrated
spider-man artist
games broken just restart loadable safe
I did already you already did close out
the game and start up the game again we
might need to hello I give this one more
try
I've restarted the mission again Savage
Dragon is still going on the artist
horrible well he's been kind of books
for thirty years he's getting older he
might be burnt out Erik Larson I don't
know
but back in the day I love me some Erik
Larson now the other knees make that
joke alright yes it's one of my favorite
comic book creators don't skip any of
the posts it's all you skipping post
I'm web-swinging no that's the post
tutorial I already did the posts and do
all the posts yeah the suit never made
spider-man stronger or faster either
that's all horseshit man
well I'm saying the swinging seems like
shit in this game it's hard to say
because a granted shed you know I don't
have a good area to web-swing yet you
know like if they've given me a corridor
to swing in so far so it's hard to say
okay and I haven't swung at anything
else
so still broken I'm supposed to be gonna
restart the game I did I just quit I
just quit it and now you're frozen wait
mother fucker yeah there we go
and closed window I'm thank you rich
isn't trying to undermine anything he's
just talking about spider-man spider-man
spider-man does whatever a spider care
or no it's throw we'll listen bored
he's got pretty old active blood his
yeah there goes bad man does it make me
want to take a swing at the game like
like with my fists maybe again this game
I know yeah I know
spider-man 29 it's neat that you can be
spider-man 2099 but it's not impressing
me as a game so far though I've only
seen some tutorial stuff I and by the
way I have also only seen tutorial stuff
so I'm really looking forward to getting
into the actual game yep we don't care
about that oh come on
oh god you're starting from back here
sad the spidery I always have that hunch
no I mean this he might I don't know
look how forward his neck is he's got
really bad posture doo doo doo doo doo
tired senses ps1 as bad as it was in
hindsight was miles above its
competitors like Saturn 3do and n64 okay
that might be true but compared to the
PS I don't I don't have any hate for the
ps1 I'm trying I don't I'm trying to
think of I mean I of course I was an n64
guy yeah and I also had a Dreamcast for
a bed so I'm trying to think of what the
big ps1 games were besides Final Fantasy
7 or wait was that a ps2 game
oh that's right Metal Gear Solid that
was ps1 yeah
there we go that was that was worth it
and everyone thinks I'm nuts I was fond
of megaman legends on the ps1 you are
nuts it's one of my favorites oh man
that that game that game controls like a
like a tank on Greece was an early 3d
game yes yeah that that game is I played
I played approximately 45 minutes of
that game not because you talk about it
so much and it sucked
I love the way they do dungeons because
all of like the dungeons aren't separate
things they're all actually
interconnected mm-hmm there's a whole
underworld in that game okay that I find
need I think the town is a really neat
town section I I like the way they
handled you finding new items like you
build them from junk you find just
exploring the dungeon hmm this part of
this part this part oh they can be bind
to make this new gun okay I just shit
you find from exploration I like that
aspect of the game a whole lot okay
and yes one of the early 3d games big
big shock doesn't control super amazing
compared to other modern 3d games it
really doesn't I could deal with a
remake of Mega Man Legends hmm I could
deal with that sure
you gotta hit every fucking thing here
tired and sad says what is one of your
favorite modern zombie films my modern
specifically they're just trying to to
take Romero out of the equation yep
the original dawn of the dead.the this
by far the best of my my opinion of the
zombie movies the original dog of the
day yeah the original is great the the
pilot episode of The Walking Dead yeah
that is the best modern zombie movie you
were right it's amazing all right it's
absolutely amazing
I might go as far as to save you know
obviously like seasons here there but
but yeah the the pilot episode of The
Walking Dead is a fantastic zombie movie
oh yeah Sean the dead Shaun of the Dead
so is this the same spider-man's mind
different bodies no no we're controlling
different spider-man she's talking to
the different spider-man throughout many
verses the ultimate version seemed to be
the same one that's the game sure Roth
nope nope it's not it's different voice
why was he confused about wearing the
stood suddenly because she gave him the
suit suddenly because he needs more
power it's dinner different all right
they're different rich
oh no video game footage ah you're right
I did it I got through the thing and you
got through the thing to him that sucks
well
again see never miss an opportunity to
subdue an enemy even in the five minutes
that we've seen why didn't you guys spam
anything earlier fuck's sake just over
now try to grab your enemy
you're not getting away come here it's
busy answering the stupid zombie
questions I'm Jesus geez Louise I have
saved him from safety
I threw him off a building and she says
I saved him from danger and transported
him to safety because I imagine this is
spider-man 2099 no the shame is
spider-man 29 but 2099 would make for an
awesome little game mm yeah what the
gliding yeah yeah I don't disagree but I
mean also that would be just Batman
Arkham Knight which was I've talked
about this many times that was my
favorite part of Arkham Knight is just
bat grapple I got basically played
Arkham Knight like spider-man yeah where
I grapple hook and glide throughout the
entire city I love that I think there
was a lot of people yeah you'd like
cities because there is no Batmobile and
it's the the city glide around just like
you would like to do in Arkham Knight
looks like criminals forces in this
world have already found one of the
fragments they've taken over the station
Hennis used to be such a nice place I
use the shadows to your advantage
that's a cool outfit see if you consumed
the new spider-man is totally just
spider-man Arkham Asylum
yeah the combat doesn't look that much
like the Arkham combat ok ready for
Arkham Asylum stealth takedown
the funny thing is though that style of
combat would totally work for spider-man
yeah an enemy spots you it is imperative
to defeat him quickly or retreat either
into the shadows or high above I have
gifted you with new web swinging powers
they will be useful in this respect Oh
like this
thanks for the enhanced powers lady the
web's normally just kind of splatter
everywhere use your spider sense to
locate the fragment
what okay
Oh through that gate Arkham Knight
really bad or is it worth playing that's
worth playing
Arkham Knight yeah oh definitely worth
playing but it's it's the least of the
arkham games it is the least of the
arkham games i think i'm ok in saying
that uh well you know i've only played
you know i still haven't finished yeah
Arkham Arkham Asylum so it's hot so it's
really hard for me to say sorry you're
gonna miss your train origins is
underrated I'd agree with that I'd agree
with that if they sold Arkham origins as
a expansion pack for Arkham City I don't
think people would bitch near as much as
they do see Arkham origins yeah to make
it quick quick quickly and cheaply it
basically uses the same exact overworld
map as Arkham City okay they put
Christmas decorations around in snow if
you care about such things it's actually
one of the stronger stories in the
series sure sure
Oh David I know people's just trying to
troll me again what are you doing no no
Richard only agrees about what he
already likes and say he thought that
statement was so stupid
obviously I won't send me into a fury
obviously that's just such a stupid
statement and that's the end of it no
Spidey it's just the beginning of course
many dimensions okay this is as far as
I've gotten
for what WB declaring it wouldn't fix
known bugs in favor of showing a DLC
that's too bad but there's a lot of good
Dark Knight Arkham angling see there's a
lot of good in our night and she's good
world really good side-missions good
kind good combat our Arkham City is the
game you want though it is I think I
have it I think I purchased them during
during a Steam sale I'm pretty sure I
have Arkham City these
wasn't there a really old spider-man
where the his Peter actually had warm or
arms he had to wear special invisible
gloves sleeves to look like a normal
person there was a comic issue where he
had extra arms what a last one stanley
100 mm-hmm and as far as the invisible
sleeves thing you might be thinking
about the what if comic what if
spider-man never lost his extra arms yes
that was an issue of what if he had the
extra arms that might be what you're
thinking of oh this might not be an
open-world by the way I didn't think it
was no interesting
you think they were gonna make for
different open worlds this is why I said
it was a shame when I saw spider-man
2099 because I knew this wasn't gonna be
open oh sure sure I don't know cuz that
big fun to get around is 2099 Spidey is
twitch broken it looks fine on our and
would refresh your page says the freemen
are selfish this dramatic fragment right
there waiting for me to Greenwich and
I'm looking at the twitch app right now
the streams can no longer be joined
don't refresh which is weird I'm looking
at it right now on the ABS okay and
we're moving can you refresh Oh actually
you know what I clicked on it is is
previously recorded went offline this is
a twitch problem I wouldn't risk us
stopping and starting the screen stream
no no this is a twitch problem this is
not a this is not an us problem
okay I can't get over the fact that this
virtual Spider Man looks like a pro
wrestling juice and spider-man juice and
Spider Man with that may sound crazy
juice and spider-man twitch is working
out right now games done quick has gone
dark
I know games done quietly something's
going on I don't know what's going on I
usually enjoy watching games done quick
it's good you know it's tough because
you know I don't know when they stream
and they they seem to do it often games
done quick yeah well they do it
marathons they do it like it's like a
week straight 24 hours oh I know but
it's not like it's not like every year
every six months it's just like ads no
no it's not like the same days every
year I don't think that it's every
winter every summer it's a nice-looking
Craven I like that Craven I have no
strong feelings about this Craven is it
just because you have no strong feelings
about Craven I like Craven yeah I dig it
I dig Cravens stick
which is there any game in particular
you could see yourself speedrunning
briefly very briefly for the fuck of it
I considered looking into learning how
to speedrun blood-borne okay that's big
that's a huge job yeah what it's like I
got now you know what I got too much
shit to do I can I can't I can't get
into that
I mean speedrunning literally any game
Craven's last hunt I had no I like I
said I like Craven no what do you what
do you
I like Craven I like his whole stick I
sent us he's dead now is he
you'd know that if you had red and
Craven slash talk well then apparently I
didn't know if you're gonna track it
down I could spoil it for you go ahead
he kills himself oh oh he kidnaps
spider-man yeah and he's gonna beat
spider-man by being a better spider-man
that spider-man was so he doesn't kill
spider-man but he buries him alive and
then he puts on a spider-man costume and
he goes around fighting crime for a bit
and then when he feels like he has been
better than spider-man he shoots himself
in the head alright I think it meanwhile
spider-man has to claw his way out of
his grave he's alive now they brought
Kraven back oh that sucks
that was a decent death doesn't say when
did he do this cuz he was back for
Squirrel Girl
is that one of his kids that came back
or something
that's how you put the zing in Amazing
Spider then that's what I do I break
glass
it seems my men have not proved much of
a challenge
yeah this is just like a brawler Color
Me underwhelmed I haven't seen a little
bit of this game like videos who won out
and it came out that was I was yeah a
little underwhelmed by this David I know
people I don't hate you I just think
you're trying to troll me every now on
that think you say I think you're trying
to get under my skin I think that and
that doesn't mean I hate you that does
not offensive ities
I think Rocksteady's new game was going
to be Arkham but with Superman well the
rumor the rumor is they're working on a
Superman game I don't know that it will
or can or should be just like their
Arkham games though I imagine it'll play
and feel different but I'm happy to see
them do a take on Superman how do you
you heard of this I have not heard of
this Rocksteady the people who do the
Arkham games yeah supposedly supposedly
they're working on a super noon game
I've been working on since Arkham Knight
and interest yeah I mean it couldn't we
couldn't play the same and just wouldn't
make any damn sense oh god no no no
Markham is all about you know sneaky and
brawling yeah like Superman's not gonna
he's not gonna brawl all around in the
shadows doing takedown moves right Oh
God
I
captain President donated 16 dollars and
says here jack
consider your toll paid hey thanks
captain president
my tolls are now payin
like you know one that spider-man game I
was playing whatever now and then one of
the cars would blow up yeah you have to
save the civilian yeah falling to their
doom there's got to be a lot of shit
like that oh yeah like if any if any
person dies you pay a home that's
totally make it an instant film that
would be a big part of the gameplay just
rescuing bystanders from
collateral damage yes as it should be
like maybe it's easier to win by being
very destructive but but you get less
Superman points for that yes you get a
better score for Less collateral damage
you do another boyband
are you guys gonna sing for me rich is
30 seconds hypothetically there's
already two Superman movies
well yeah but I could've been i could've
been saying a lot of random things and
it would have been sacked schneider is
on record of saying he does not like
superman as a character it is therefore
not shocking that you know someone who
does like superman as a character will
do a better job at you know being true
to his character has anyone heard
anything about Bendis his run on spider
Superman how's he gonna ruin it no well
he will eventually ruin it of course but
first he'll fix it first he'll fix it
and everything will run smooth and great
and then he'll run
bad guy
bingo
you have done it I have done it okay
okay I'm doing it you keep doing it I am
I plan on it
Kiyoshi HS says hey longtime fan a
red-letter medium
I just wanted to say thanks for years
we've got attainment thanks for playing
also this is one of my favorite
spider-man games also be happy you did
not have to play this game on the Wii
like I did
haha you know it's it's definitely not
what you what I was it's not what I was
expecting in a spider-man man you know
I'm so used to of course open-world
spider-man game some weird looking the
spider-man just because he's so thick
Oh
oh this is a private fight or can I join
you
not bad if I do say so myself come on
what do I need to do right now I did it
don't worry I did it get the silver
things they give you points
name was Corsair sense wait can I just
point out that according to that
cutscene Mysterio just Mysterio just
wanders around his crappy a public a
folk costume that's an illusion it's
just an illusion oh no I was gonna say
that actually makes a surprising amount
of sense no mystery no I'm a serious
whole thing was he was a frog yeah but
don't you think he would walk around his
apartment wearing his costume no
Bicester costume was part of the fraud
special affection illusion I mean
everybody everybody knows that he's the
illusion guy now yeah but a mysterious
first appearance he was posing as a
doctor strange type oh yeah sure okay he
was he was making out like it was some
kind of mystical powerful Lulu I do the
magic
yeah and it was all a load of crap
hey uncle which is why future
appearances were always weird for
Mysterio this clinch who knew he was
full of shit
that bit doesn't work anymore right no
but originally it was like he was a dr.
strange type position nope all the bots
and your dog's time yep upgrade did we
see rampage that new movie with a rock
no but I saw his the new trailer for his
new movie that's die hard only it's not
called die hard die hard with the rock
yeah skyscraper or whatever the fuck
it's called yep are you supposed to jump
cross the gap now I think I'm so he shot
the tree before and it fell down there
we go spider-man I'm sure the answer to
that is yes but you know the game says I
got to do things but he only has he only
has one leg in the new skyscraper movie
yeah that's a whole bit
I missed that yeah he's like a former
Marine he lost a leg his family's there
his family's in the skyscraper and he's
there it's like a security consultant I
think I could still be a die-hard reboot
just in in in this reboot continuity
John McClane is missing a leg oh yeah
yeah I can still work make some more of
an underdog you know like listen the the
rock oh god the bad guys gonna be
holding on to his
and he's gonna just unhook the language
that's what they're gonna do wasn't it I
mean that's got to happen sometime yes
and the bad guy every pause of the leg
yeah he's not just gonna fall to the
ground he's gonna fall into a helicopter
that's like flying underneath and fall
into the rotary blades right because it
has to be more on this it has to be more
awesome yes
I like the last Boy Scout and I don't
remember that what he followed or how
I wouldn't surprise me now that that is
something that would happen in the last
Boy Scout yes
we fix the snapping of a helicopter
balloon blowing I totally don't remember
that I just remember the stupid Surf's
Up punch is explaining to Damon Wayans
how you do one-liners
let me guess two men enter one man
leaves
am i right skull collection may I
suggest an accoutrement perhaps
something from the webbing collection
you know this is a little too much too
much what Neil Patrick Harris okay
was it him version the script the the
the script and how much he and more and
the sound editor the how much they they
insist on using him watch just find an
episode of the MTV cartoon again I don't
think he's bad Matt I think it's
actually good
oh I bullet I believe that I hear he's
just he's clipping way too much you know
right just like every single line is
equipped
and we just don't need that we just
don't need it every single it's not
clipping too much they just suck too
much what we need is a quick slider rich
Neil Patrick Harris is finding that
cartoon everything else in its slide
yeah I was a fine
it was a fine with spider-man cartoon
that was a follow up to the Sam Raimi
movie like that basic style and those
birds you kind of those versions of the
characters sure what am I supposed to do
with the spider I think this was first a
night the best spider-man cartoon is
spectacular
letting beasts shit spikes spikes spikes
spectacular spider-man is quintessential
old-school spider-man comic books
and with your moves my place
bitch do you read the 90s Clone Saga
that was the first time I walked away
from spider-man I didn't like what they
were doing and I wasn't about to support
them financially so I I left the comic
books during the Clone Saga and I came
back afterwards
then I left again around the time John
Byrne was stinking things up when they
did the the new number one reboot and he
was writing or just garbage
I was probably into ultimate it's not
what what what and sometimes the fight
will get up close and personal staler oh
shit spider-man's a very acrobatic
character any kind of first-person
spider-man sequence should be
vomit-inducing
this is yeah this is very strange did
you read one more David that was the
last time I left spider-man and I have
never come back sciences I stopped
stopped breathing during the Clone Saga
came back I stopped reading during John
Brian's just being a shit Lord and then
I came back and then they did one more
day and you know what Marvel had told me
to fuck off enough and I finally got the
message and I never came back
John Bryan burn I never know how to
pronounce this fucking man
but dyr Andy you're a beard I always
want to say Bryan but I know that I know
that some mild dyslexia talking was
happening
doesn't that outfit cheap
what do you mean they told you to fuck
off when when a character you like is
being written badly you don't stick
around and keep supporting them you stop
giving them money and you go away you
know it depends it's like it's like yeah
how many how many times is it a fool me
once shame on you fool me yeah twice
shame on me right and so like yeah they
have a bad run sure you stick with them
for a little bit they had done enough
stupid things with spider-man and I was
I was sick of coming back to them with a
battered housewife yeah
Oh kind of suckin and that's fine
Mark Waid ruined the spider-man again so
you're not missing out rich
no did that Vance lot guy left we've
kept telling me he was doing good work
there's my spider-sense make children
crisis in your space quest three
playthroughs you mentioned ven Yahtzee
crow shows books yes wondering if you
ever tried any of his indie adventure
games specifically five days of stranger
series or 1213 there are free download
at his site fully Rambla Maddock comic
right I haven't played this game maybe I
should first-person shit smear
yeah and it's it's it's difficult to
navigate I think I get what they're
going for like you got to watch out for
him to attack and it you know you ever
feel the desire to 100% a game we do you
prefer to impose your own goals I
usually prefer to impose my own goals
the game I like I usually try to do the
no death run
oh sure
give me the marker yeah and then you
know that's fun you know there's many
games that I like to you know say oh you
know this run I'm doing this you know
like my hammer run with blood-borne yeah
like this is my hammer run I'm only I'm
only using the hammer yeah that's more
fun thing you're this is how I'm playing
at this time there's games I've ended up
100% but it's she's usually just not
something I'm sure I feel like that
first person segment was designed with
weak controllers in mind maybe yeah I
can see that I can see that Bobby a bomb
walks Bob blocks bombs says you once
said that you've outgrown spider-man and
they threw it out there is a possibility
let me finish reading this though which
makes sense since spider-man is
basically a teenager this makes me
wonder if we owe this sorry this just
cut off next life this makes me wonder
if whether an old Peter Parker slash
spider-man like Frank Miller's Dark
Knight a grizzled ej2 jaded old
spider-man cool maybe I don't know I
don't know that would work as well too
for spider-man I was just trying to
figure out why I wasn't that excited
about the PlayStation 4 spider-man it's
like you'd think I'd be like oh damn
yeah who's my domain name it's like the
excitement just isn't there which made
me wonder if maybe maybe I'm I've grown
into spider-man's usually a younger
younger person and I'm getting old
yeah maybe but then I thought about it I
really like spider-man homecoming so I
don't know I don't know why I'm not
super hyped for PlayStation 4 spider
I don't know uh well you know I think
you're being you're being smartly
restrained because you you know that it
could be a mess of cutscenes it could be
just a bad arkham knockoff exactly or it
could be just a generic game where it's
gonna be fine and you don't want to get
your hopes love that's possible blame
the white spider oh look look I still
might enjoy the game but that's if you
can't change to a normal spider-man
outfit that's gonna be horribly
distracting that sounds like you've
emotionally moved on from spider-man to
other things you like homecoming simply
because it was a good film
not because of spider-man that's also
possible that's also possible rich you
can change the costume yes I've seen the
punk rock out 30 I don't know if there's
a decent spider-man costume in the game
yet but and maybe if there is you have
to 100% the game before you can use it
or something just horribly stupid Gotham
don't awful yeah stop with the guns
and chat I advise you to look at the the
few spider-man alternate costumes that
have been leaves they're atrocious
they're they're absolutely atrocious yes
I can only hope they have the MCU
costume
that'd be nice I know they have the iron
spider version but I just want the
homecoming outfit if they got the
homecoming spider-man outfit I'll be
fine okay I'm sure there's going to be
kind of a different default right off
the bat you know or like a really easy
to get different you know more like this
something okay it's something more a
little more classical you know game
starts with the classic suit I've seen
people say that I've not seen bad
and just because you start with it
they're probably gonna force you to
change the up but at some point and if
it's gonna be some kind of garbage
you have to 100% the game before you can
wear the classic outfit I'll be annoyed
come on
you have dummies you can wear the
classic suit when you create a new game
that's what I was saying that's gonna
you know that's gonna be a thing but
isn't the modern gaming industry kind of
heavy war with game stop ah
no remember they learned their lesson
they they learned their lesson
Microsoft tried to fight Game Stop and
the fans threw a shit you don't think
they're not gonna you think you really
think they gave up no like I said
next-gen is gonna be the transitional
you know when when discs start going
away there they didn't give up but
they've learned to hide their intentions
a little bit baby
they'll be disc versions of every game
next-gen for everything until I don't
know Last of Us 3 that's the one work or
halo 6 and that one we talked about this
earlier I'm sorry if you heard this
already but no no you know what the game
is too big for a disc we didn't we
didn't want you multiple discs and it's
coming to make um and to make sure you
the player who's the only person we care
about oh yeah yeah the best experience
possible we needed to have an online
service you see because that's what it's
about it's about you the player having
the best experience possible
councils will go green no see these
ending up as anyways
hello Natalie that that'll be part of
the spin nice
first of all excellent job you did it I
don't quite get to combat you but that's
ok these guys shoot barrels at you ok
damn I'm not without any he seemed to be
in line with Jim sterling you ever watch
this stuff occasionally not like
religiously or anything though
I think we just both have skeptical
outlooks
bigger they are yeah it's good he's got
some good shit Jesus Christ this is
level ever Paki
I'm waiting can you switch between the
different spider-man's levels whenever
maybe there's not like a hub world where
I'm sick of this spider-man I want to
switch to 2099 um possibly I I haven't
gotten to that point yet so far it's
just fused the next level look at which
is you know obviously this but but you
didn't choose this it wasn't well you
know like it was either go back to the
level you just didn't redo it or choose
this Oh so but I don't know if maybe
next you will will get a couple options
or if they want to give us a more
curated experience what do I think about
him in college I think they're horrible
assholes and I hope they never come back
huge tickets huge Dickens
no this game is very linear now to
prepare his attack but I think if
gamestop wants to be successful we can't
keep emphasizing use game cells as their
top priority why do you think Game Stop
is a thing what do you think the only
reason game stop is a thing is like if
you want something new and and you
needed physical media you can just get
it out at fucking Target or Walmart or a
dozen other places yeah Game Stop some
things you would get used for now a
comically bad use price Oh five dollars
off these days right
make sure those super remember and then
it's seven dollars off but that's all
they got also that's the only thing Game
Stop cares about because that's where
the profit margin is it
you know if they'll buy a new game from
Microsoft for you know $45 and sell it
for $49.99 right mm-hmm no they're
making nothing off of new games if you
don't mind buying a stolen game because
no one's legitimate assumption I mean I
am what they give apparently it's just
me and so game stuff only cares about
their you stuff because there's a bigger
market like that's where they make their
money
oh I dodged you motherfucker
stolen yeah okay your prep League
morally you're probably better off
pirating than you are buying a lose game
at games I'll bet you a significant
amount of you they're used games are
basically stolen games that somebody has
pawned off or at least when you pirate a
game
you're not buying something that has
actually been stolen from another
customers plausible deniability my
friend plausible deniability
if you pirate a copy of spider-man and
web of shadows it's not little Timmy's
copies who had his apartment you know
his family's house was broken into
remember remember when we got my ps4 you
know and and little Jordan's copy of
Grand Theft Auto five was in there oh
yeah because that was totally a stone in
PlayStation 4 and of course the guy
didn't know there was a Grand Theft Auto
in there because he stole it that's very
possible
very phosphoric I think I'm
understanding this biased
oops that was a very specific kind of
pawnshop yes only they're probably not
scrutinized as much as regular pawnshop
would be by the law for the kids
Arthur laws but like pawnshops have to
have things like stored in back from so
many 30 90 days yeah
yes Bilaam yep so people have the right
to buy them back yeah
or Arvid stole them the cops have a
chance to find it there and get it back
to the real world
that's that
it beats you at night
around here independent used game stores
of number games that used to be one
around here they closed down I used to
work at one own independent one yes I
think you want the game stopped no huh
you so work at an independent one I
didn't know that oh yeah oh god I don't
know if I can stand working at an actual
games college
Oh game stop recording some of the
chatter used to work with they have to
abide by pong laws and everything has to
go under the back and clubs for seven
days not all stars follow it but you are
supposed to sure sure
it's just a pawn shop they make all
their money from use products let
doesn't shock me one bit I finally get
combat in this game they really want you
to hold down the left trigger and that's
what kind of locks on your enemy then
you can do more the dodgy stuff okay I
was missing out on a whole big part of
combat in this game that I'm sure
everyone was typing in the chat but I
couldn't watch that because I was too
busy playing the game yep but I get it
now all their money they're nearly out
of business but that doesn't mean that
the bulk of the money they make isn't
from that and they're nearly out of
business because digital sales have
taken over like which is again the point
slowly but surely the big game makers
are trying to run Game Stop out of
business because Game Stop sells a used
copy of a game Sony doesn't make any
money off of that see I'm more reluctant
there to buy a digital copy of a console
game yeah oh god yeah absolutely yeah no
and I love physical copies of console
games especially once we do for the show
because then it's usually like if it's a
if it's a game I'm mediocre about or
mellow or don't like then I can sell it
back
go ahead finish sorry but like I can't I
can't like sell back Battletech yeah
even though I didn't like it see I can I
can trust valve for now yeah I trust
valve yeah
and with GOG it's a complete non-issue
of course but I would not trust
microsoft with leasing me a game right I
just would not trust that yeah that game
is gonna go away sooner or later
absolutely Hondo precent Oh
so bright I'll take silver oh so no look
by the way so now we get to choose do we
do this one do we do this one or do we
do this okay this looks like spider noir
and so I think I want to do that 100 it
tells us it tells us in the background
see this is this spider-man this is noir
I definitely I want to try a spider new
are level and then are you gonna play
the full level we're at 9:30 9:30 well
I'll play it I'll play around for a
little bit yeah I don't know if I got a
full level of me I do need to get to bed
it's somewhat of a normal time tonight
because we've been staying up late all
weekend yeah and you know while I've
enjoyed that it's also totally messed my
internal clock but I trust intended with
my digital purchases not when the next
generation of consoles come out because
I don't think that Ted is gonna have
much interest in keeping support curls
which games up once their new thing is
available rock I might want to go and
replay breath of the wild and when
Nintendo doesn't give a shit about the
switch anymore because that hardware is
old fucking news they might they might
not have even had the option to
redownload it might not be able fucking
server anymore right right I mean yeah
20 years down exactly or 10 7 5 how long
with with PCs you don't have this whole
chunk of hardware that just suddenly
becomes obsolete it's more of a gradual
steam doesn't care about that's just a
in the fact that their Virtual Console
games like you have to rebuy it like if
you have a virtual console game and the
viewer on the Wii you have to rebuy it
for the switch in your honor this is
bullshit
that's fucking bullshit it does not work
that way we'll see
vitamin
I've been spotted
what
not she just got far enough away and
they not super concerned with the
stealth here I was trying to take out
the bad guys one by one
you know like I'm right over them right
now but I can't do my my stealth
takedown so i got behind him to do the
self takedown
well did you creep too loudly no I guess
I got to follow him to the cutscene
spider-man tries to pull the rescue good
let's go you shouldn't have brought
innocent people into this that just
makes me mad
let me see that nope this is this is
stoplight
stealth light rich come on I can help
crawl under the thing crawl on the thing
the camera never know what's to do when
they spider-man games does it oh come on
you tell me I can't I was hoping to crop
cash fucking okay okay oh god oh god I'm
stuck in this world of shadows you'd
totally be able to do that of course
fuck okay what do you want me to do game
what do you want me to do can I make oh
do I feel like fighting bloodshed says
hey guys yesterday was my birthday I
turned 33 hi sadly it was a horrible day
because the woman I was trying the date
blocked me on social media and turned my
friends against me oh please make the
stream the best ever
you guys always cheer me up well we'll
try man bitch obviously we don't know
the full story
yes he tipped us she didn't so there we
go
now you're talking rich
well okay the spider-man can play this
spider-man can only do stuff that was an
obvious the poem noir and stop focus
well I thought I might be able to like
fight a little bit okay the spider-man
can only do so
her head sounds like a disordered John
DiMaggio yes Maggie maji maji
that's how I always promise now you're
reading right right
is that's not shocking and he's he's in
everything it could be demise he's got
Osborne boy screams I've got a floating
head lady I'm starting to wonder which
one of us is more about
Spyder buster
spider-man right
see everything's fine good to hammerhead
oh there is you have to let the
civilians go are you sure yeah cuz I
gotta take out this guy first then the
galaxy's available hi Maggio voices
hammerhead and Sandman and spectacular
in the spectacular Carter II yeah no he
gets around he's one of those voice
acting mean it's not like just that Joan
damn how are you he does too many things
for you to be surprised when you see him
oh yeah yeah no he's usually very easy
to pick out who's got a sound he's gonna
you can tell it's him oh yeah
awful this is one of the best Spidey
games in my opinion looks alright
and yeah I guess I was expecting I was
expecting a little more open world you
know like I was expecting more the other
spider-man's and I get what they're
doing here it's just not what I was
expecting which is finally it's all you
know what it's all fine everything H
John Benjamin he's easy to pick out -
yes huh he has no range and he doesn't
need it because his voice is fantastic
mm-hmm
I like this outfit though it's not
spider-man's it's spider-man no in this
game it's clearly spider-man's
I get that stop sneaking around can you
climb up the wall you climb up the vent
wall love them the grating them that
thing did climb up that do the thing
first apparently now first time you're
watching live sorry I let you down jets
55 okay oh I just had to wait for a
thing apparently
but you're going to watch the new
animated movie spider-man under the
spider-verse probably not
yeah that doesn't really look like your
thing
into the spite of this yeah which is
fine
it doesn't have to be do they even
notice the webbed up bodies well they're
buds up bodies are up here okay
and so they don't if they stay down
there I don't know what the entail
degree but I pulled them up here so I'm
going to assume that they won't because
this is very light stealth
yeah exceedingly light still oh shit so
light that I can get away with that
can you play the spider-man Sierra
adventure game next there's a spider-man
Sierra adventure games there is not
unless they made something recently
under the Sierra name you know like
King's Quest game oh sure sure
is it a joke is there a spider-man joke
Sierra game cuz I would play that now I
know Sierra didn't make one but that
doesn't mean there's not some kind of
spiderman adventure game I'm not
familiar with that somebody else may
yeah
no I want to choose a different enemy
there's this guy right below me play
spider-man for Sega CD did years ago
it's a lot like the regular Genesis
spider-man but just bigger and fancier
and without what are you shitty or
animation hmm everybody go hmm I have
replayed the Genesis spider-man on
stream probably years ago now okay did
did not hold up as well as I remember it
holding up I mean they're their old game
but there's this neat mechanic in that
game job I met her soul was streaming
you might not have been watching there's
a taking pictures mechanical okay you
have to buy your web fluid that's new
and you take pictures of the things
you're fighting to get money
awesome so every level you get to take
three pictures so you want to find the
most exciting thing yeah that'll be
worth the most money see you can afford
web fluid for the next level that's
great it is
a spider-man to the best spider-man game
yea or nay nay yea I know it had the
fanciest web squinted that doesn't alone
make it the best spider-man game try to
sneak up behind me
until until spider-man PlayStation 4
version comes out I'm going with web of
Shadows the best spider-man game hmm
take out these lights that would be
fresh I get it avoid the spot
I just got behind it I'm working on it
leaders of the hopper on the battery oh
did he was dragged you yeah because I
mean I'm in a shadow so I have to like
get in a shadow behind him yeah so now I
gotta wait can you can you leap across
when he's not looking at you I don't
know but now hit now that he's lost me
he's gonna turn a little bit I'm not
sure if this is what I have to do but
see like you know turns a little bit so
now I can get up fuck nope okay okay
okay
trying to sneak up behind I'm working on
it
I'm gonna put you six Peter afraid to
face me
it's not bad
you have to use the floor you can only
travel in shadows such light to spot you
immediately that doesn't make any sense
if he's turned around right but that
makes sense lies being spotted there's
those roving spotlights
it'd be great if I was able to like take
out those files where those trains go
I'm even supposed to go over here okay I
get it I get it
so that doesn't matter how fast I'm
going
there's this whole area over here hey
guys maybe I do have to go slow like the
screen is black and white when you're
installing than when you've been spotted
there's there saturation yeah
that's news color that's need I approve
of that
maybe instead of being four quarter
games they should have focused on one of
these that would have been nice another
yeah okay I'll be done
uh-huh and another stealth section yep
all right
we're caught up great I think a lot of
people can't even get into the stream
tonight so oh yeah Twitter's having some
issues we've probably got four
subscribers tonight yeah well then it'll
be easy to thank him um no all right now
this is the point of the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Theodore J hooker for 46
motherfucking months in a row Wow we've
been doing this for a while I know I
feel so Oh purple space bazooka 441
motherfucking monster oh hey guys thanks
for everything you do
glad to be a part of this epic hack
friary take care and for old times sake
fuck my cock well Brown yz0
says it's a boy congratulations
rebel base for 20 months in a row says
take my free prime money whoa whoa
zoink oh no Zeke no for 20 months in a
row who says remember it's Zoey no also
rich podcaster said he worked with a job
interview who asked this question if you
were an animal what kind of animal would
you be so rich if you were trying to get
that job how would you answer this human
and I would have my goddamn reasons
mm-hmm we're we're the best most capable
animal there is boom we've we've done
better than any other animal I weren't a
human being I could not work at your
fine corporation sir I would be an honor
to be a part of what you were doing here
and I've also proven that I can think
outside the box to find you solutions
you wanna hire me for your job neat
Street booze filled gaming heliosphere
1969 for 25 fucking months in a row
Nathan Street girl act impotence grumpy
kicks Biffle Potamus for 48 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row miss toots
we got to work in there miss toots for
18 months in a row Jim bullet hole and
boron for 21 months in a row dot s85 for
14 months in a row stays longer than
I've ever kept a job you fucks well if
you're ever looking for another job we
have a great
way to answer these interview questions
you're welcome for that oh fuck my cock
says fuck yeah
gimme dead meat and other memes blah
blah whatever the Canadians are back the
Canadians I mean they're back and gone
as Colin just said Darth is for 15
months in a row says have either have
either of you ever seen if the old
wished Christian Bale movie equilibrium
it was fun to re-watch recently I have
yeah interesting okay it's a little
matrix II meets Fahrenheit 451 II
interesting they they came up with a new
martial arts called gun kata where
people kung fu fight with guns like that
that was the Mark Millar movie yes was
that one called
oh god with James McAvoy right damn it
wanted wanted there you go gun kata was
so fucking it no II like the fight
scenes were actually like kind of
interesting because there was like guns
and swords involved it was interesting i
I just can't picture Kristen Bell not
yelling at poor innocent underpaid crew
members now just for the rest of his
everything I see a man I'm thinking -
probably a real dick - somebody yes I
don't want to defend his behavior
because by the way that like that angry
rant was completely uncalled for but as
an actor who's like the face of a movie
there's a lot of responsibilities on a
main actors shoulder no sure and so you
know you got someone like flapping
lights in your face while you're trying
to do is seem like he wasn't trying to
fuck with Christian Bale oh no no but
like I
I understand him being mad at that crew
member but yelling at him in front of
everyone was completely uncalled for I
guess huh trash some of the chat has a
red trash absolute trash I guess yes I
agree okay I agree cap Thanks
squeeze old Salinger 42 the happy champ
Pelham Grenville
who says dear Sirs keep up the good work
greetings from Austria thank you
anonymous says that's cute
I like that shit I actually waited yeah
xeno Trobe for 47 motherfucking months
in a row who says rich is right as usual
the Venture Brothers is a terrific show
especially if you like Jonny Quest and
David Bowie I did lie used to watch
Jonny Quest
i watch reruns of Jonny Quest and they
also have a fixation on David Bowie I
have no choice they wanted to get him on
the show ever happened Wow yeah yeah I
have no strong feelings about David
Bowie but I'm sure I will enjoy the show
no matter what darkest for 19 months in
a row says what do you call a digestive
system sings a bowel movement I get it I
get it I'm not in love with it but I get
it okay I acknowledge that I acknowledge
that joke I think I'm not gonna laugh at
it that might be worse which I'm gonna
I'm gonna say that might be actually
worse I am de nerd master for 21 months
in a row who says I didn't even realize
it had been this long enjoy my B's owes
bucks is joe flacco you bleep says just
thought I'd let you know I've been
cheating on you guys about a twitch
channel hope you understand I mean you
do you men think so there's a lot
there's a lot of good out there just and
you find something that works
you this isn't a dictatorship no we're
not we're not we worry and we don't want
Stockholm up in this we don't want to
force anyone to be here except when we
ban people I know I'm just on a whim
then we're kind of a dictatorship is it
though but is it though
QWERTY Rob oh you you swirl them okay I
just lost place Mike wait what are you
reading yeah I said squeaky legs
Derek Lloyd reapz can write doesn't my
really write ya scammer skearns scan
maybe let's can reap scan okay
it's a Kouros says hijack and rich so
glad you guys are playing my favorite
spider-man game of all time now that
Disney owns the x-men still hasn't been
approved by Congress yet I don't think I
look forward to the possibility of Peter
Parker meeting Deadpool in the movies
thanks for being awesome you're welcome
let's also be wary that Disney's buying
everything just you know a little creepy
this Deadpool meeting this Peter Parker
well any Deadpool meeting this Peter
Parker because in the comics yeah
doesn't Deadpool have a crush on Peter
Parker maybe maybe a Bryan Singer
directed it they could play down the
whole having a crush on thing III think
it's it's not unnecessarily a crush it's
just a healthy bromance Bryan Singer
spider-man casting call deadpool and
spiderman the pants get tighter moving
on thank you
on kool-aid man yellow contendere says
this looks like a sticky situation
that's the that's the that's this that's
the subtitle - Bryan Singer's not moving
on yet culture fist says thanks for
answering my tip also giraffes have
black tongues so they don't get
sunburned fist out whitey drew Augmon a
69 obese Maurice Lando was taken Oh
for 45 motherfucking months in a row
jack is very unimpressed with your 45
minutes or no no it's just way past my
bedtime now
which made for 12 months our oh he's got
thing he's got things I mean pleats
meeting as a thing oh my god wow what a
whole year best free money I've ever
wasted keep up the good work you fucks
thank you Mario Mario 42 for 48 god damn
mother fucking months in a row who says
for years some people have gotten a
college degree since you started
streaming feel old yet here's to four
more years I mean we just feel old all
the time yeah I'm if people are getting
college degrees while I'm feeling old
good for them I'll just be here feeling
old the UPS man eighty-seven vulgar
puppy who says hope you both are well
thank you for all the content Papa bless
gesundheit Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
4:49 goddamn motherfucking months in a
row says I celebrated my 48th month
anniversary the night of Justice
do that whole thing again I celebrated
my 48th month anniversary the night of
the injustice two incident so huzzah for
forty nine months for 60 months your
next upgrade to the sub announcement
should be something funny but pointless
like giving the pizza roll icon a tiny
pixel crown oh we can do that we can
there's some confetti a big fucking
confetti we can give people who
subscribe longer different different
pictures I think we can case she's gonna
know what to add at some point that
that's where the comedy is gonna come in
rich and then keeping track of all the
different things with our old man brains
the confetti yeah
so I was thinking for thank you the
Dante 540 was that what was that white
noise to put me to sleep no I know oh
you weren't looking I just turned it
right back on what do I expect oh we
have puffs max sure puffs max Wilkins
the clown for 41 motherfucking months in
a row Wilkins the clue oh he said no
unvalued bloodshot whatever says
gentlemen you made my night just a
little brighter thanks a bunch
also I recommend seeing the movie won't
you be my neighbor which is about Fred
Rogers and Mister Rogers neighborhood
Karen wants to see it yeah I've heard
nothing but I still oh I'm sorry
accidentally hit your you're a terrible
liar
I've heard nothing but good things about
won't you be my neighbor apparently
though you need to be emotionally
prepared to go see it because it is a
tearjerker
let's see here Josh his Floyd who says
thanks for the fun stream and something
to watch while doing dishes well what
what I thought
so what it's all the confetti back josh
is fine says thanks to the fun streams
and something to watch while doing
dishes I just did them oh whatever
our Miller I'm too busy fucking with the
confetti and I'm not I know you are
funny our Millers says for 3441 sodaro
says going through a rough time of my
life your stream is bringing much-needed
normalcy I'm glad that rich fucking with
me brings you normalcy Gavino the real
Billy shears first year
