Mar 11, 2018
Bloodborne
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/237895862
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/237898520
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRFt-fMrMAw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyenqpdo3q8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/972913938995339266

[Part I]
hello hello is anyone there
that's probably there they're probably
there Jeff you think they're there yeah
hey there did you hear that news that's
the big geek news rig well is the they
announced the villain for Wonder Woman -
okay
cheetah then it's a lady who's like a
cheetah don't people say that DC has
good villains
I think people say Batman has good villa
I don't I can't say that Wonder Woman is
necessarily known for her wrongs gallery
right but the interesting news cast you
know who they cast huh miss Kristen Wiig
okay I think that's very interesting
casting ah all right I mean she's
fantastic in everything she's ever been
in but like you know generally known as
a comedic actress and so it'll be
interesting that's all that's all I'm
saying
she top it's a lady who's a cheetah I
know I know who it is it's compelling me
to not go see the movie I think no
matter what no matter what right yeah
it's a step up from Beowulf what was his
name and yes Bale they hate Ares no no
no the Justice League one Steppenwolf I
think it's a step up from Stefan Wolfe
and Aries Aries wasn't necessarily a
compelling bad guy in Wonder Woman one
Beowulf
I love Beowulf offline okay we're gonna
start a new game because it's been a
while since I played blood-borne I
really want to play blood-borne we were
talking about blood-borne
you've come to the right place my
enthusiasm by the way for infinity war
yes it's taken a hit wait I have
enthusiasm for it you did have him
through these battles is actually one of
my favorite Marvel characters not
villains he's one of my favorite Marvel
characters you said this before but I
didn't think you were that hyped about
the movie version okay until I heard
they completely changed his character
motivations it's like well that's the
thing that was interesting about the
character sure right so he is no longer
courting death right what should our
name beYOU you make it whatever you want
granny rags this is Bob Bob
what do they say asthma I was planning
ahead overpopulation and that made his
species go extinct so now he wants to
stop overpopulation and that's why he's
gonna kill half the universe even though
with the Infinity Gauntlet he could just
make it so nobody has to die because you
would literally be God at that point you
wouldn't need to kill anybody okay
hey I don't wait wait wait wait what you
you've lost me
don't worry about I've lost me so much
don't worry about it what's what's
happening
his motivation is that his planet died
because there's something overpopulation
there are too many people okay and so
they died off and so now he wants to
kill half the universe to stop that from
happening elsewhere but once you got the
Infinity Gauntlet you just make it so
people can't die or they kind of
populate you can you could do anything
other than murder what the Infinity
Gauntlet right the reason he wanted to
commit murder what the Infinity Gauntlet
is because he was in love with death
right both the embodiment of death and
the idea of death yes so what you're
saying is his motivation is he saw is is
almost like he sees himself as the good
guy yeah is he is like oh my planet got
destroyed because of overpopulation so I
want to make sure the universe doesn't
get destroyed yeah that's his plan yeah
interest so I've heard this is a thing I
have read yeah
which isn't necessarily fast oh okay
okay well there we go
I feel like this doesn't it's it's
entirely possible everything I have said
is fake news yes
that's entirely possible I am not I'm
not discounting that okay
that's good to know so what you're
saying is this is the rumor mill this is
the bud something I read on a website
which could be absolute horseshit okay
that's fair you can say anything you
want our website that that's very true
yes
okay we got here shape oh my god there's
just too much hey rich can rich Evans
confirmed as Russian control what are
the Russians trying to destabilize the
Marvel Cinematic Universe that's the
plan that's it
they tried with Trump but really no but
they discovered that if you really want
to fuck with America you have to
destabilize the Marvel Cinematic
Universe crunk but no one will question
Disney that's great oh hey well dang it
five-thirty skeptic says dude fans made
a short film based on papers please and
it's it's exceptionally well done if you
haven't seen it you'll love it I saw it
it was good oh you know and I kept
meaning to I kept meaning to go around
to see and I never got around to seeing
it never got around to seeing that one
I mean obviously we need a monocle
I mean obviously okay we're doing good
this is Bob yeah I feel good about Bob
his face looks too young for Bob for for
that mustache and and that hair and
those sideburns
he's a hipster supposed to play the game
was a hipster
we can go immature let's see what mature
looks though
right
okay now he's a little more mature how
do you feel about that yes a little bit
better a little bit that's a little bit
better yes okay oh that's right what is
it what are these toast
violent pasts professional he's a
professional that guy's totally a noble
Sion yeah
but you do what you want just for the
points I mean that's you how do you want
to play the game is the real question
it's not like they bring up what your
occupation was in the game it's really
Jack so think about it really don't know
Sion don't don't fuck your whole game
all right right
what is no button little cyan what's
he's got more blood echoes blood tinge a
lot of skill yeah I'm gonna go guns huh
you gotta go guns I don't know if that's
one inch blunt inches guns Oh fun unless
I'm misremembering but I'm pretty sure
that's guns yeah it's fine all right
we'll see you all right we'll see I
figure I probably won't save this save
file does everyone know by the way in
chat that this is the PS Plus free game
this month you can you can get this game
for free right now if you are a PS Plus
member do you lose it though if you're
not a PS Plus member as long as you
don't delete it okay so you know like
you download it you get it for free and
then as long as you don't but you know
once you delete it and you're no longer
PS plus member then it's gone but okay
you can download it right now
I wish this game was on the PC I can't
afford masterrace and ps4 better off get
the master race you know though this is
a fantastic game it's the only game that
you need yeah right no you liked horizon
zero dawn did there's too much aiming in
that game the controller the controller
ruins invited me I liked horizon zero
dawn so much that as I was a quick turn
this on this by the way I haven't turned
on my ps4 like since we played horizon
zero dawn yeah like so it's just been
collecting dust like blood-borne horizon
zero dawn that's it
but I turned it on just to make sure
everything was updated before I got here
yeah and I noticed that for the ps4
version of Monster Hunter you can play
as a Lloyd and I was like that actually
might get me to play monster because I
do like horizon zero done so much I I
have nothing against the Monster Hunter
I know people in the chat have been
harassing us about it yeah it might
thing with Monster Hunter is do this it
seems like it's got a fairly rabid fan
base yes and it's probably a terrible
game for us to play blind on stream for
the very first time that's true I was I
was thinking about bringing it up for
our next you know because we we have a
little bit of time before some bigger
games come out so maybe that could be a
next review it's like yeah you know get
20 hours into it talk about it for a bit
that could make a good episode good now
I'm playing dishonored well I know
you're playing but you can't play this
hundred forever we got to get back to
work eventually
all right there we go
now we got a character an old-timey
boxer look at that guy he looks great
yeah all right how do I play this game
again you're doing great jack I feel
like I'm doing great
hey yeah I'm heavy attack Matt and
Dodger all
what's dodge roll that's Todd row okay
just remembering because you know we
know what's coming up so you playing
blood-borne
and you know you don't even remember how
no I don't I haven't I do I have no
recollection on how to play it one of
the harder games made okay welcome back
to me man okay I have so many hours into
this game it'll eventually come rushing
back to I expect you to kill the the
werewolf the first werewolf I'll be I'll
be disappointed if you don't
yeah yeah no guarantees man no
guarantees today I did all right all
right
because it's totally doable Jack I'm
sure it's totally doable I cannot
guarantee you I will do it I end the
blood-borne run if I don't defeat the
first world wolf that's a restart that's
that's a restart yeah yeah yeah I'm
gonna call horseshit on that why is that
true for me yeah yeah it's the first
thing in the game it's not like a it's
not like you're losing hours of your
life just as a stat blood ball game up
stud we're now starting to the blood
boring game I'll beat that werewolf
let's I'm gonna beat that werewolf I
will I will
pressures on Jack pressures on I don't
like it
he's got it's got a third of normal
health and it's easy it's easy Jack it's
easy can I sneak up on him
no you try you try that Jack you want
you want to know the key is what heavy
attack from behind and then when he's
stunned
now get him from behind heavy tech yeah
you got him
feels good jack
it feels good doesn't it can't believe I
did that I really thought I was gonna
choke I know I was kind of a prick and I
put that pressure on you did for the
entertainment of our audience because my
failure could be very funny and I get
that and I respect that but I really
thought I was gonna choke who the
old-timey boxer wins suck on it werewolf
now shit like now we just see how far I
can get for that weapons but that's fine
you beat the werewolf oh yeah yeah now
we just see how far I can get without
any weapons how much of this game do I
gosh-dang remember okay how do I use
blood files again saying that was clutch
jack yeah if you notice I went silent
no joking around
wherever where's all the bad guys
where's all the jump-scares true-blue
reviews hey rich I finally got around to
watching year of hell and could
definitely see the potential Voyager had
as a series yeah it's a shame that I've
ended up trying to be TNG again with
less interesting characters yes that's
that's exactly what happened less
interesting scary characters tired
scripts inconsistent you know like some
of the characters had interesting
moments they had things fritsch the
doctor the doctor was a good character
the doctor was a good girl Janeway was a
good actress I still like Kate Mulgrew
as much as I hate Janeway yeah but
that's that's all on the writers right
but like Janeway like there were
moments there were moments with Janeway
like even Tom Paris like there were
moments you know the the the Admirals
brat son who's actually a good pilot but
kind of a dickhead oh I could get I
could get there
boy you're just problem is not willing
to go there he's not willing to go there
yeah yeah but I could have gotten there
all right behind here no guys you didn't
see me you didn't see me did you see me
are you gonna get to the first the first
bonfire without taking it down I'm not
gonna give you shit if that doesn't
happen but is that is that your goal
here Jamie
be careful you don't want to anchor the
guys up there I remember I'm remembering
slowly but surely okay let me get around
you
nice we're getting dark souls for switch
yeah we got Dark Souls in PC what the
fuck do I need it on the switch for
smaller screen I'm getting it it's
remastered PC it's already remastered
you just turn the resolution this that's
all remasters work it's basically a PC
version
yeah I'm getting it only because I want
to play it on the go
normal people leave the house sometimes
rich well what the fuck you doing
leaving your house and playing console
games for well what if you're on an
airplane man okay so a few times in your
life what's there oh no that wasn't it
you did the opposite
shit shit other side I think what button
heals me god damn it all I really should
have looked into that ah don't freak out
this is blood-borne this is blood-borne
don't freak out it's not up I have blood
vials and I don't know how to use them
fuck gosh dang it all I could have
beaten him do not choke I didn't know
how to heal Oh
why were you faster chat why weren't you
faster even the PC port of Dark Souls
can't run or soul whatever Souls was
can't run at 60 frames per second
correctly I'm I'm willing to bet you I'm
willing to bet that there is a fan patch
or hack well the the other thing nice
thing about the remaster and it by the
way I'm sure the remaster is also coming
to PC yeah but what I'm because there is
that dsfix that you're supposed to
download with dark souls to fix all of
the buggy PC issues but what I think
what I'm hoping the remaster is is you
know you don't need to worry about
second-hand software like that and like
I said for me someone who travels a lot
I want Dark Souls on the go
he's they dull how do you feel how do
you guys feel about people review
bombing games that aren't offering
switch versions is it's not an actual
thing
what's a review bomb what are you doing
writing it down just because it's not on
the switch is that a real thing yeah you
can do for all sorts of reasons whatever
you don't like something they did and
has nothing to do with the game bad and
then liked it so it's like a it's like a
calculated effort like let's all get
together could be and review yeah I mean
no matter I don't think it necessarily
has to be calculated but well I assume
that's what a review bomb yeah it's like
let's all get together and poopoo this
because of any review bomb for any
reason is a dumb idea yeah you know
let's I usually do the saw cleaver
because I like to saw cleaver the the
switch is fine and and breadth of the
world is a fantastic game but I just
don't see the appeal of having something
portable on a tiny screen I just I don't
get that if I'm leaving the house I'm
probably leaving the house to go
somewhere and do something right and I
won't be playing games where I'm going
and I certainly won't be playing them
while I'm driving there right so it is
limited appeal to me portability for you
right I think for a lot of you sure sure
sure
for a lot of people I India obviously
like it's very successful consult your
blunderbuss it's it's a mild perk to me
right but you can play it on a bigger
screen to I could play my PC in a bigger
screen too so if I remember correctly
blunderbuss it's easier to hit enemies
but pistol does more damage okay let's
do blunderbuss a lot of people take
trains and whatnot we just think I don't
and we're talking about how I feel about
this right oh right I'm saying it
doesn't appeal to me
okay also I wouldn't be taking my switch
out on a bus why not
you just why don't you tangle my
valuables out just show everybody my
valuables on the bus that's overthinking
everybody's out everybody's on their
phone
everybody look at this look at this nice
thing I have look at it nice okay I got
this now let's go I would have loved to
make it to the first fire without dying
everyone gets mugged on buses you know
he's to be pickpocketed you can set it
down and I'm thinking about it
you fall asleep on the bus I don't know
this sounds like you have other issues
if you're falling asleep on buses you
know to me it's not it's just not that
big a deal like whether you're on a bus
or a train or whatever game audio sounds
weirdly muffled I don't know what we
want to do about that but you want to do
about that if you want do anything about
that game audio sounds weirdly muffled
why is he shirtless cuz look at him he's
an old-timey boxer I think he looks cool
I don't know why the game audio is
muffled anyone else audio is fine audio
is not a problem
why didn't Jack have a weapon the last
time so when you start the game the game
wants you to die is basically the thing
and so when you actually start the game
with no weapon so that you die so that
you learn about the what is it called
you can make it to the bonfire though oh
and get a weapon without dying oh yeah
where you probably find a weapon if
you're really fucking good like were you
dead the first fire is just up the
stairs it would not be easy to find a
weapon without using the bonfire I'm not
sure where the nearest one is there's
that there's a subway and I think of the
sewers
suck it yeah this is all my answers but
uh that would be that's tough I'm sure
somebody's done it everybody's done
everything in this game but no like if I
would have made it past that guy I could
have made it to the first fire cuz it's
just up here it's just over the first
Lantern
it's just up the ladder rich no one is
allowed to play games in anything other
than a 1k PC Evans when did I say that
when did I ever say that oh you say that
constantly my preference my personal
preference is PC yeah and I don't the
the the portability of the switch
doesn't appeal to me that means I hate
all consoles that's I mean then one
absolutely you know how it works you
know how it works and you don't need a
1k PC you can you could build a PC
cheaper than that it's true the one I
had before this and it lasted me yours
it lasted me awhile the one I had before
the nice one yeah 400 bucks
oh yeah yeah no and like they're getting
cheaper and cheaper and right up until
near the end it was it was playing
everything got a decent clip yeah no and
you mean up until the end most most
modern PC games have so many like
adjustments sliders resolution that you
can even with a cheaper PC you can get
decent frame rates you can't get him in
4k but you know you can it's it's so
great but that being said I do like the
portability of the switch I will be
getting Dark Souls remastered for the
switch so I can play it wherever someone
hasn't shopped for graphic cards
recently and I'll go down yeah once this
whole once this whole Bitcoin thing
starts to fizzle which I believe it
already is the the well not Bitcoin in
general but the the hoarding graphic
cards for Bitcoin mining has started to
fizzle
see you sucka duck
I got him eventually I got him
eventually this hi everybody
oh shit come up and get me come up and
get me
yeah I'm looking forward to it
yeah the remaster I I still like you
know the most I've played of Dark Souls
has been on stream so I'm looking
forward to actually like getting into
the game the full Dark Souls experience
I think I can take on the big I think
I'm ready for that
maybe
let's see
good work it's not over yet
no big swing big swing boom I told you
it'd all come back to me I died to that
dude so many times my first playthru oh
what a glorious game MC Lucas's yeh
blood-borne I've got the itch again yeah
yeah me too
if anyone slash new players will want to
co-op you get a co-op tonight have you
hadn't planned on it but you know you
see I don't see what happens
good good my PSN is also MC Lukas DPS a
you can redownload a PlayStation Plus
game if you keep the sub just add to
library and DL later that's true but I
think your question was like if you no
longer want PS Plus can you keep yeah
yeah and I believe that you can keep the
game as long as it's downloaded even if
you remove your PS Plus membership cuz
what does what does what does PS Plus a
month and what does it cost to find a
copy of blood-borne exactly but you do
get new games for free every month and
bla bla so like yeah although for for us
Vita owners who no longer play our Vedas
they they are now stopping giving you
Vita games yeah with your membership and
they stop they're stopping ps3 games for
your membership yeah
because you know eventually you got it
you got to make a call yeah the ex is a
pretty good weapon
have I ever really used it before oh
it's my go-to oh yeah it's my go-to
early game yeah the fucking charge on
the the two-handed version of the axe is
fucking it's fucking God like I just did
it and you know what you're right yeah
it's just so satisfying
for all the weapons like except for the
cane but like for this and for the saw
blade just like she lets go
I remember you I remember you dick
where's the other there's the other
scary guy there was another scare guy
around here right he's like right around
this corner there is areas I remember
you too anonymous groups of doom demons
a business of barons a shrewdness of
Mankiw by a consortium of Cacodemons a
congregation of Hell Knights a muster of
pinkies a prickle of unwilling a risk of
cyber demons okay so like it like a like
a flock of birds
Frommer's are pros a gaggle of geese
these are the group definitions for
demon flocks yeah I approve I approve of
all this
gahafer quarter says the Church of
Scientology is launching a TV channel on
spectrum tomorrow yay do you think they
will be dumb enough to play Battlefield
Earth I really enjoyed the rlm review
with a Jupiter ascending
it'll be it'd be the first thing they
claim it's gonna be the Battlefield
Earth channel they're gonna they're
gonna play that like the TNT TNT used to
play the Shawshank Redemption
it'd be a lot of a lot of time Cruise
movies oh yeah a lot of John Travolta
movies you're gonna get some Christie
alley sitcom Christie alley yep every
Becca music video it's been really
impact these people you think are same
yeah yeah by the way these people you
think I see decent amount of blood
echoes I don't know if I want to risk
listen where's the next fire now the
next fight is pretty far away I'm gonna
go and turn in some of these blood
echoes for for upgrades I can always
come back artists aren't sane people all
right fair enough
absolute Touche oh wait you some more
people hello
nope nope yep yeah everything's fine
we made it that's all that matters roll
roll roll ins oh hey I did read about
that rocket from Steam the the speaking
of movie rumor mills yeah Deadpool 2
even though it's very close to its
release just added a bunch of reshoots
because early screenings have not gone
too well really really here's the thing
here's what here's here's the thing I
actually curious about - I don't give a
shit about reshoots what I do but I do
find curious yeah are they going to
integrate into entering integrate
Deadpool into the MCU not right now not
I mean technically speaking there are
Easter eggs in Deadpool that means that
it is able to be introduced to the MCU
yeah the big final battle of Deadpool
takes place on a downed Helicarrier yeah
it doesn't it's not called a Helicarrier
yeah yeah but you can clearly see that
it is a downed Helicarrier and that was
like after Captain America you know the
Helicarrier is felt right shit so but
not right now because it's still it's
still Fox then they have merged yet they
have emerged okay okay never mind then
Disney would completely neuter that
franchise I think Disney would be smart
enough to realize they have something
profitable on their hands isn't he's not
dumb at least at least kevin feige 'is
not dumb right right and the idea of
having like yeah an r-rated wing yeah
they could hear here's something legit
though from Kevin Fugees standpoint or
from Disney standpoint is they could
never officially tie it in be part of
the big selling point of all of them MCU
is the family-friendly Eska nature even
guardians which toes that line of like
you know some cuss words and more adult
themes fairly family-friendly so could
you ever really integrate Deadpool into
that I die I would think the answer is
no I would assume the answer is no
because you don't want the kids to go
see ant-man and go what a great
adventure oh who was that Deadpool cool
character in Ant Man 3 let's go see the
Deadpool movie now right it's pronounced
Phi G how's a reasonable person supposed
to look at that name and know how the
fuck it's pronounced pronounce it
however the fuck we can the real problem
with Deadpool is that we
Deadpool came out of nowhere no one knew
what to expect and so it was a pleasant
surprise when Deadpool happened now
people know what to expect they have
expectations for Deadpool - it needs to
be irreverent it needs to break the
fourth wall it needs to call out other
franchises you know like it needs to be
pop culture reference heavy it needs to
be irreverent but now you have
expectations and that's when that's when
shit starts to fuck up
is this where I upgrade myself
Anonymous's Yancy recently said he wish
he never invented the term PC
master-race dude PC users praising
Kingdom Come for having a save system
that requires a limited item so that
plebs wouldn't play it but you can
influence people which you can't control
how you influence them once is once it's
out in the world that's just how it
works once once you put something out in
the world it's it's the world you can no
longer you can make a joke and people
will take that joke seriously or they
won't get it you have no you have no
control over what they do with with it
yep yep because because I have
absolutely no interest in playing
deliverance kingdom come I did watch his
review of it and it definitely
solidified me not wanting to touch that
game let's go rock and roll
like that poor guy who did the sad frog
right right the dude the dude who made
the the Frog guy the Pippi the Frog yeah
just like some weirdo artist in Portland
and then it got and then it got taken
over by 4chan and the alt right and he's
like a like this artist is like a is
like a gay activist and they took his
frog man yeah it took Pippi the Frog and
now he's suing who is he suing Infowars
because they're using the frog in their
merchandise yeah without paying him any
money says like yeah that's my art Jesus
Jesus preached forgiveness that's true
several centuries later the Inquisition
Jesus Jesus preached the the virtues of
giving away all your worldly possess yes
yeah the prosperity Bible the the the
facts that you know the rich man has as
much chance of getting to heaven as a
camel through the eye of a needle all
that fun stuff and you can't control you
can't control you can control the
message you can't control how its
received
Taylor's oldest time or twisted or
twisting sure no I didn't compare Pete
Pete Pepe to Jesus absolutely let's do
that that's great that's a great idea
well the tech well I I think we're
comparing peppe's creator to Jesus
because both of their messages got
twisted
I didn't compare you know I know our
conversation often like goes in weird
places I just never thought I'd hear
that specific sentence coming out of
your mouth I like it don't know I have
Beauty and the Beast in my head at this
particular moment
crane hen Christ says hey rich hey Jack
hi great hand Christ recently got into a
post rock band called lights out Asia
from Milwaukee you know these guys Jack
they're great
I don't Jack doesn't know these guys I'm
sorry I've never even heard of that band
but to be fair I've been out of the
music scene for quite quite a long time
if you're into post-rock though check
out the last band I remember is like a
collection of colony collections of
colonies of bees stop it Nick
collections of collection of colonies of
bees something Coco bees collections of
colonies of bees hey everybody
person in chat we already talked about
the cheetah the cheetah yeah yeah but
she Tom whatever we're still in the
first area well I went to like upgrade
some shit but I couldn't because I think
I need something I think I there's like
a a thing I need to get before I can
upgrade shit and I don't know where that
is I think I need to defeat the first
troll
maybe if I remember correctly so I'm
just gonna make my I'm gonna go to the
troll we're gonna make our way through
the area a little faster troll yeah you
mean the the big fat guy are the boss
loser no the ogre
another guy doesn't even do with the
upgrading I don't have a thing to
upgrade a dog you did die and respawn
there once right no I haven't died
alright dad once did you open about any
bonfire yeah you should be able to go
there and upgrade ah I think I'm missing
something
he needs inside for the doll okay he's
missing insight you get insight you get
well there's places you can find it but
it's probably easy just to go to that
one boss by the bridge but inside for
finding a boss sure that's I need the
doll yeah gotcha I know there's spots
where you can find it I just don't
remember Warren er off the top of my
head is there any is there any in your
inventory that you haven't cracked open
those things that give you inside I will
see you you might have some easier to
get to the sewers I don't remember where
on the stores it is though no I don't
have any inside I got a blood shard I
don't think I have any insight what's
the significance of a shirtless run I
don't know why Jack is not rocking a
shirt but he hasn't found any better
clothes yet but look he looks cool okay
the significance of a shirtless run is
he looks cool look at that there's one
down in the sewers
here's the thing the sewers are big oh
yeah no no they're just in the sewers
you'll find it just you know in the
sewers in general it's get real I'll go
I'll go to like the Blood star beast
fashion borne all right let me let me
ask you this question if you're if
you're criticizing somebody for picking
an outfit they like in blood-borne over
one that's more effective if the most
effective clothing item in the game was
a pink tutu would you wear it you know
if it was a really hard err it was the
best armor in the game pink tutu if I
was in a really hard area probably but
then as soon as I was out of the hard
area I would I would take it off yes
a surprising number of people are saying
yes and I'm not I'm not sure if they're
pretty sarcastic or not probably
probably a lot of them aren't because
you know they just see the numbers but
yeah I want to wear something cool I
would wear the pink tutu if it were the
worst I could really I could really ruin
everybody's day I'm suggesting something
on the bed of pink tutu do you or do you
really want me to go there
no don't want me to go there are you or
do I is the question water what about
what about a mega hat it's the most
effective clothing item in the game
would you wear it because let me tell
you that shit's effective
it worked for Trump I'm kind of glad you
went there me personally no I wouldn't I
wouldn't wear it even if it was the best
armor in the game but I bet some people
would love it ironically some people
would love it on ironically
you still life you're still alive oh
there's a third one it's fine
we're oh yeah yeah yeah I remember where
the bosses I remember where things are
and stuff cold-blood doo doo doo doo doo
doo oh yeah I've seen that happen in the
game before what somebody posted a tip
but the tip is a link to a video of a
dead rising death oh okay and I can't
explain it it's a humorous dead rising
death gotcha
I'm serious I think I've seen that in
game before so middle one says meet no
one yep yeah yeah my tya one says guys
the other day your voices were super
deep on my bluetooth headphones for some
reason okay an hour later I got used to
it and you sounded normal now I'm
confused
what do you actually sound like that's
the question to end all questions it's a
very good question that do we actually
sound handover sure unless you meet me
in person that's true oh no nothing in
fact without I needed to know what he
sounded like officer some I sound like
I've had a few uh balloon fulls of
helium I feel like I've said some helium
vomits that's how I sound oh shit
PUF Mac says got invite to a bad movie
night which one movie from best of the
worst each of you recommend your
discretion isn't advised hi I have the
most absolutely unhelpful suggestion for
you okay the most unhelpful suggestion
for you the one that's in the next
episode that's so true you guys don't
even know you guys don't even know
oh that's right I should open up that
door dang it you can't do that to us
rich I just did yeah and we can't we
can't we can't spoil it absolutely not
it's it's too good it's too big it's too
much it's too too
but beyond that beyond the the one
that's in the next episode which which
is great you know what I just felt like
someone was tweeting about hard tickets
of Hawaii that's a great one
samurai cop is always a crowd-pleaser as
someone who's had some bad movie nights
for you know people who aren't rlm I can
tell you that samurai cop is always a
crowd-pleaser man people that's because
that's one of those that's one of those
room esque bad movies where people get
it right away why it's so bad you just
get it samurai cops find choice yeah we
get 1995 says hey Jack and rich Shai
longtime fan first time tipper
question for rich why is going back to
Mass Effect one after three like going
back to a like like a funeral but going
back to Dead Rising one after four isn't
keep up the great mark one I never
played for all the way through I started
playing it and then I lost interest real
quick secondly Mass Effect a lot more
story centric than Dead Rising that's
fair I don't hate the story Dead Rising
but it's absolutely essential in Mass
Effect yeah yeah and and three dead like
Dead Rising one and two they tell two
completely self-contained independent
stories of the beginning and a middle
and an end I guess
Mass Effect one kind of does but two is
fucked
oh fuck you oh you know what I forgot
how do I run
Chad how do I run in the game I want to
run past all these guys and knowing your
choices don't mean jack shit in the
final game makes it hard to enjoy the
first and second games anymore that's
that's part of it too
look there's a whole lot of things at
Mass Effect 3 did rock hold circle thank
you I've beaten this game before yes
Rachel V beaten this game before I think
so yes sure why not I've beaten the game
and the DLC it's just fun to run around
and kill monsters that's also very true
nope nope nope nope nope nope
did you enjoy anything about in Ramadan
I don't know if that question is
directed towards me but I haven't even
touched Andromeda I've invented shopping
in the pieces I'm just not interested
but why are you still alive why are you
still alive
gosh dang it now I'm just now I'm just
farting around
now I'm just not doing well Jack used
the axe you're right I should have used
the axe thanks thanks for that tip how
would you feel about star wars if in
Return of the Jedi Luke Luke dies the
Emperor wins Princess Leia is forced to
marry the Emperor in order to in order
to spare the rest of the people yeah
what if it's just a completely crap
ending like that how does how people
feel about Star Wars
oh yeah like could you then re-watch a
new hope right just knowing that it ends
inside its shell right and that is how
Mass Effect 3 fucked up yeah that's fair
you've got layoffs like you actually see
our 2d to get melted down and first of
all I would love that that would be
great that would just be funny right
right I think that's fair
and like you said because it's also just
so story focused and the stories lead
one right into the other yeah
that's why a different game can get away
with it and that can't it's totally fair
by
but I think now I can just kind of run
this way and they stay on their side I
think like beat says did either of you
guys ever played the search which
streamed I didn't play a jack plated but
we streamed it souls like with a sci-fi
techno
theme I think it's misspelled themed
autocorrected as these or something I've
been playing it recently it's not Dark
Souls but it's fun so far yeah it got it
was alright it to me it got really
repetitive really fast it had some
interesting ideas that made it not like
darks souls in this whole like because
you got this like exosuit this cool Robo
exosuit and yet one of the ideas of the
game was that you could rip off specific
parts of your enemies and attach them to
yourself but it just never landed quite
right for me
it was interesting like that that would
be a good like that'd be a good like on
sale game I think I'm gonna kill this
dude I don't know if I can take a gap I
take on day of the blood start beast
go go troll hunter boom alright
doing great we're doing great the have
we got that in sight yet - am I good no
who do I need to either need to find the
madman's whatever it's called in the
sewers or you go fight any boss okay so
you could fight the the bridge Beast
yeah and that will give you insight okay
somewhere upstairs
yeah I'm gonna go through here just so I
can open up that other gate I can take
care of these trolling is really fast
prefer to just take care of one at a
time uber strong you can you can make up
your own ending to whatever you want
that's that's less satisfying for me I
don't want to I don't want to imagine
the real ending to Mass Effect 3 I do
there's no way I don't anything to do
with it out like I don't want I don't
want to pretend ending that kind of
defeats the whole purpose of like you
know a story like if rich wanted he
could just make up his own story and and
by that logic every game is the best
because I just made up my own story and
now this story is the best that's that's
really weird logic works for them that's
fine I'm not you know I'm just I was
saying I had that's not my thing
oh shit this guy Weber strong 3 says
Pitt people recently got out of really
access it's made for the people who did
battleblock theater and Castle Crashers
simple turn-based strategy memo ok it's
called that what you say yep Pitt people
hit two people I thought I remember
there being a hunter over here here we
go this is make it a little easier if I
die again now I can go through this game
crane Han crisis my wife is a big rlm
fen we actually met after met after
connecting over a best of the worst
episode we have watched prereq
religiously every week
now we play DC universe online it's free
fucks congratulations did it you're
stealing is it gobbledygook Thunder yeah
yeah it's not your that's not yours
that joke isn't yours sir yeah isn't but
by the way haven't we already we already
said that sometimes a joke gets out into
the wild and you can no longer control
it that joke is now out in the wild yeah
yeah there's nothing gobbledygook scan
do no gobbledy magazine it's lost
control over the the intellectual
property of the DC Universe Online you
fucks line that's art man
there's a dude back here okay it's a
cool dude
oh really there was a dude right there
shit come on kid walk onto him I came
here but didn't lock on to me it just
started like Rhys entering like a
dickhead take it easy take it easy
I'll be fine jack and I'll be fine
you're almost there you're almost there
oh yeah I'm not gonna deal with those
guys right now we're gonna go we're
gonna go right to the boss see if we can
take care of the boss what we got here
oh we got this guy
I can deal with a troll
how about go to the troll thank you
nope no no that's fair that's fair try
again
there we go that's good timing jack a
little speed from it's all it's it's all
coming back to me now what are some
older comedy films that you don't think
Hold'em I have misread that at first I
thought at first I thought you said what
are some older comedy films that hold up
and I was going to instantly say Blazing
Saddles oh god yeah I mean first like
just about any Mel Brooks yeah and
you're good to go
but that don't hold up I don't know
right I wonder I really wonder that
probably anything that relies on
pop-culture references over actual jokes
maybe Ace Ventura I haven't seen that
since I was young neither of I I loved
it I loved it when it first came out I'm
gonna guess Ace Ventura but how much of
that is doesn't hold up and how much
that is I saw it when I was a dumb kid
right exactly
okay I love this Ventura I what I could
here's one that does hold up you know
for me is I loved the Billy Madison yeah
growing up Adam Sandler was the absolute
bomb for me and I recently rewatched it
and laughed my fucking ass off and I did
I don't know how much of that is just
nostalgia like rearing its ugly head but
Billy Madison goddamnit that's a great
one Ghostbusters does not hold up that's
not true obvious troll is obvious it's
it might be subtler than what you're
used to
but there's some lines in that that
still get me ray and Peter Venkman just
just using him taking out the mortgage
on his parents home you didn't even
argue with them
Egan's just calculating the interest for
the first year alone right that seemed
that seemed gets me still work and it
has nothing to do with shooting ghosts
the Ghostbusters one was a clear troll I
have thought it might be but you never
know you never know
fuck fuck I'm not sure but I think his
staggers have to be shot to the face oh
sure sure that could be let's get out of
here
kaboosh Malarkey's is for rich from the
tone of most rlm video content you seem
to be the butt of a lot of jokes at
least in editing
does that get on your nerves if if I
thought everyone or Earlham actually
didn't like me I would I would I would
never be here they wouldn't have gotten
this far I wouldn't they wouldn't have
been my friends that's fair and I assume
if anything like crosses the line while
we're actually filming yeah then you
would deal with that while we were
actually filming yeah you know what
let's make sure that doesn't end up in
oh no so I just need to get to get to
the Kirby's now the dolls awake next
review has to be into the breach I
actually don't think there's enough to
talk about I'll be honest with you it's
a very good game it's a game I enjoy a
lot but it I I haven't been playing that
much in all honestly oh yeah well you've
been playing this on yeah I don't I
don't know that I would okay when I
haven't been playing Dishonored yeah it
hasn't been into the breach it's been
slay the spiral really yeah hmm that's
not to say I hate into the breach right
it's simple it's a very simple game but
I don't have any echos
the thing killed you the thing killed me
but just getting to the thing Mian said
I can talk to the doll mom now you got
to go back to the thing I opened the
door it'll be gonna win you gotta win
that fight I can win it it's been a
while but I can win it into the breach
is just very simple it's just it's just
battle chess all the pieces have a thing
they can do and all the bad guys have a
thing they can do and figure out the
math I don't know if there's a lot to
talk about there Nana says what joke do
you guys wish never got out into the
wild if no answer for that is there a
trend mean you wish you never started
but every fucking thing we say gets
repeated ad nauseam it doesn't matter
what the fuck is everything absolutely
everything and ever says you know
whatever I guess just means you like
what we do so it's fine yeah
light beat says speaking of jokes
getting out into the wild and away from
their original creators I had a question
are there spikes in this game that guy
gets it yes I remember my first time
playing this game just how much I feared
these trolls and how intimidating they
were and how easy they are to deal with
once you know what's going on fucking
nothing now now they're just they're
just blood vial dispensaries cuz I know
how to deal with them
you - are there spiders game no okay I'm
gonna say there are no spiders no spikes
in this game that's what I'm going to
say at least I don't I mean there might
be like spikes um like a club or
something that's not what we're talking
about the spikes that you fall onto and
they instantly kill yes I don't
or at least or at least just damage you
yeah and I don't know they're all
I don't think there are I'll be honest
like there are other things that kill
you instantly no literal spikes but
there are difficulty spikes ah says I'm
a 420 armed the swinging log with spikes
really it's all about the swinging log
and not the spikes yeah let's be honest
alright alright here we go again
rich after your fish stories I splurged
on a 20 gallon aquarium then my advice
is take it slow don't get fish right
away read about the nitrogen cycle and
cycle your tank before you put fish in
it or you're gonna get you're gonna have
dead fishes and you're gonna feel bad
nope nope didn't even didn't even
scratch him I got my blood echoes back
though do you do you have Molotov
cocktails oh I do have multiple you get
them in the face mmm
freeze wait to fire for one yeah also
the Molotov and the face will give them
a stagger
oh there we go I got a quick equip some
ball tongs but then then you don't want
to waste all your molotovs on a battle
with him that ends in your death
right best strat for this boss I always
get behind him yeah yeah I mean you
don't have to go for them the the big
the big stagger you could just you could
just Whittle his health down that is
correct I could someone in chat please
remind me how I throw a Molotov cocktail
thank you
you take it and you throw it square with
people I'm saying squared thank you
we're not being an asshole you know
we're all here to have a good time
except for that dickhead we're just
punching trolls in the guttin CC troll
I'd say ogre are they oh girl I don't
think they're officially either of those
things I think they're just large tough
monsters
I said troll III guess you know I'm not
dismissing ogres I can like I will
accept Oh ger but I when I first saw
them I I thought of the the troll in the
Harry Potter movie I haven't seen I've
seen the first one that's it so is there
a troll on the first one yeah the Troy
don't remember it's you know big dumb
look control and it's in it like breaks
into the bathroom and the boys Ron and
Harry have to save her my Annie and it's
a big dumb blow control and so that's
that's immediately what I thought of
when I saw it is like the troll from
Harry Potter
yo Inc but I could also see ocher El
Gigante also works yes any resident
evil' for fans it's El Gigante you guys
hear about the guy who beat all three
Dark Souls game in a row without getting
hit yes
no but I'm not shocked if you'd know the
game low enough all three in a row
nope and I'm sure I'm sure much practice
was involved oh yeah I think it's great
you know people a testament to these
games people people are still playing
them people are still enjoying them
alright let's take a mother out square
square throws the mall Tov cocktail
supposedly from what I heard it's
without taking a hit not just without
dying but without taking a hip yeah nope
nope expressing the wrong button place
in the wrong button
you what's the advantage of the long
weapon reach and power both of those
things
face face oh oh damn it I was on his
face
face there we go come on oh no hit him
you got fucked I got 5 you got fun right
fuck ok I don't think it works again
until he does they heal gosh dang it
gosh dang it I don't know if it's a
healer and he does this thing where he's
buried
yeah oh geez up yeah I don't I don't
think he could and I think I don't like
stagger her multiple times oh yeah he's
got a thing where he has to do that
first it's been too long yeah it's been
too long yeah okay I'll get him guys
don't don't you worry don't you worry
I'm gonna get him it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great everything's gonna
be great looks better when the axe is
short sure no that's fine that's fair
read all the things
that's a lot of things read all the
things imaginable Trevor 37 says I
recently played through all the from
soft games and blood-borne is one of my
all-time favorites currently playing
breath of the wild master mode give it a
try sometime thanks again
fuck my cock you're welcome James
jamming Tain's is rich my wife got me a
flight stick and throttle set up and
I've been trying to get into elite
dangerous I'm having trouble making
money and finding things to do what made
you stop playing elite dangerous nothing
gonna leave dangerous is itself but just
the fact that there are 37,000 games to
be played yeah and a leap elite
dangerous is one of those ones that you
really need to take your time and get
into it which is the same reason it took
me so long to get around to Dishonored
right once I had a PC that can handle it
like how long has dishonored for now
yeah I mean even the right mindset you
need time to sink into it
which still needs to play hitman uh yeah
I need I needed to know what the good
hitman games on I'm interested I'm
interested in the hitman
I know some are hated and some are
that's a return to form
yeah I don't know which is which gotcha
you fuck
Absolution bad blood money good
my prediction rich gonna die I'm gonna
die what I'm not playing a game Jack's
playing Jack's playing a game
if I'm dying in this game it's probably
because I'm looking at and reading the
chat and not looking at the screen the
game is on yeah really yeah I know
also I'm not holding a controller oh wow
but by the way you're doing pretty well
and you oh if I don't beat this guy my
first try just restarting it is true
with the world
I predict rich will die someday
eventually just like all of us that's
that's pretty safe prediction yeah yeah
I'm okay with that train game crisis
I apologize for the DC online joke is
this joke replacing funny content 80 80s
very cool that breaks new ground fuck
you it's March kill me now I love you
okay we've said the facts
congratulations all of them you said all
of them
hey dtq ka and i'm gonna try and make a
pronunciation out of that cuz hey guys
love what y'all do I know this isn't
your area but any idea when the
lightning fast VCR repair t-shirts will
be restocked eventually eventually
that's fair I could say things and then
when I'm wrong wrong everyone thinks I'm
a jerk so I'm just gonna say eventually
that's fair
fuck you oh my stuck on what are we
stuck stuck down a stanchion I got a
fucking statue did you get your echoes
huh do you get your yeah I go in that's
what matters
it's fine try spinning that's a good
trick yeah yeah you know fuck you it's
fine it's fine
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine as bosses optional that's that's
true
yeah but I'm here I want to do it here
and I want to do it well your best
battle with him the first go around no
no I barely got any helps off of him
that time that was my best battle okay
I got I got the most health out of that
turn
but I have been really trying to focus
on staggering and really I have to have
to lay off that I have to just you know
Whittle them down that's what I should
concentrate on it's blood vials because
I've been I've been really focusing on
the staggering need witnesses
good evening for Sweden no first of all
love you guys stay awesome
no secondly what are your opinions of
the Swedish actors max von sydow he's
awesome Peter Stormare I'm not familiar
of them familiar with him Alicia
vikander
not familiar with her and Noomi Rapace
not familiar with him and or her perfect
except for except for I've never heard
of any of them
Maksim Ansari you'll know who he is you
see him different things he's been in
things he's been in Max von Sydow was a
guy who's been around he's been around
for a while now okay
he was the voice the so this isn't
really helpful for you but he was the
voice of Vigo the Carpathian and
Ghostbusters - nice YUM what are you
talking about that's super help The
Exorcist yeah yeah isn't the Exorcist
Jack oh okay Luzi in The Exorcist
one of the guy I'm Vince long as I've
seen the extras is one of the guys in
the exorcism Oh perfect yeah yeah okay I
know I know
Thanks he has the old guy that died in
the beginning of the force awakens oh
okay yeah that helps he is was he was he
I couldn't remember if he was The
Exorcist himself or if he was one of the
just a higher ranking priest oh he was
he was the old priest yeah I couldn't
remember for sure sure it's been a long
time so I've seen the Exorcist yeah I'm
not I'm not a horror movie guy right
second
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
nope nope that's doing pretty okay there
for a while it's doing pretty okay to
feel pretty happy the old judge that has
to go into the wasteland in Judge Dredd
yes I've never seen the 90s Judge Dredd
with Stallone and Rob Schneider I just
kind of assumed it would be an
abomination and I never would get
secrets and you know it kind of is and
that's kind of a nice part about it is
it is kind of an abomination it's
definitely one of those that I think
people should see because of how off it
is especially now like what we know
comic book movies can be now I mean I
didn't know that much about Judge Dredd
but I know Sylvester Stallone was
running around without the helmet uh-huh
and I knew right there without without
even knowing much about Judge Dredd I
knew that was sacrilege and then Rob
Schneider
yeah the whole the whole thing man it's
it's great it's great sign it's like
demolition man the look man demolition
man has a great premise and it is not
the judge dredd premise Judge Dredd is
the opposite of the demolition man
premise you know there there is okay so
like the premise of Judge Dredd is
interesting yeah but it's the opposite
no no but the movie okay
the premise of the movie is interesting
the problem is it's not exactly Judge
Dredd okay but like they are telling an
interesting sci-fi story and yes yes I
have finally seen dread and it is great
yes that is true
Judge Dredd takes place in a world that
is fucked and hard as nails yeah
demolition man takes place in a world
that is so pampered it can't handle
itself yes right so now you can't
stagger him again until he stands back
and he does that blood yeah
stay close and strafe move we're fucked
fuck this fucking camera is brave close
them to get them get your health back
for fighting Jack could you fight did
you fight did you fight you were my
cameras I could not see where I was in
relation to the monster I know how to
play the game I just couldn't see where
I was but yeah there's there's some
there's some fun awfulness in these two
lone Dredd movie
some fun awfulness this is like rich
losing to slappy
maybe yeah but I'm not necessarily me
losing to slappy is worse cuz and at
some point in history I just forgot how
the fight worked sure but at some point
in history I had slappy down and once
once I remembered what to do I I kicked
his ass on strim right I don't know
that's quite what's going on here no
this is just blood-borne
this is just blood-borne being
blood-borne fuck you
slappy is a boss in Dead Rising 2 and
rich has perfect no death Ronnie yes but
more importantly I lost to strappy
slappy on stream that ended one of my no
death run a tub slappy right and then I
got my shit together and the next time I
beat him but like out taking damage
because you can stunlock slappy and I
just I completely forgot that
right you can like kick you can jump
kick him to stun lock him right just the
first blood-borne strength ah the first
in a while
oh yeah we streamed this back when we
were doing the review and we stream this
a lot
if you're playing a fire I'm playing
with fire here fine behind me no no no
no gotta get my blood it goes okay okay
that's fair that's fair
wherever I lost him you're gonna die get
your blood that goes back I noticed that
about me and he died
Shh where did they say over there over
there
we're by the courage okay good hi
all right at least get in like one
stagger before I start going for nope
okay you know what or maybe not maybe we
don't need maybe we don't need a stick
that's fine that's fine
you really don't you really don't
against him
nope nope
move you shirtless fuck okay all right
all right all right it's gonna be fine
it's gonna be fine everything's gonna be
fine oh oh shit you grabbed me I know it
sucks dickhead
motor brigade says how often do people
try to trick you guys in the plank Star
Trek Online just because they want to
break Mike's brain with what they did in
the MMO slot
well you're the first one who's tried to
trick us into playing it by saying
something like that some said one time
wall
yeah no-one's ever tried to trick us
into playing it like a lot of people
have said you should play it right like
I'm just not an online guy Multi multi
online Medicare multiple user online
massively multiplayer I'd die now go
away yes Mike wouldn't even see it that
is fraud
kibosh Marky says there's one thing that
you can add to the world one thing to
subtract from the world what would you
give / take away the catch is that you
cannot personally benefit from this
change I don't know man that's like a
that's like a huge question and like
Jack can't even beat this boss right now
and I think he really needs to
concentrate on what he's doing I would
take away this boss oh my god really
no like any boss and blood-borne you can
just surpass and get through with like a
free a free pass and this is the boss
wow this is one phone right now and then
when I face the next boss I'll say the
next boss this is just the boss I'm
working on right now
this is just what I'm upset with at the
moment it's like you can bypass any
level and then you choose the tutorial
level to be fair Jack how long has it
been since you played one blow Oh God
right it's been it's been ages
not since the DLC came
we'd win says to help you guys out put
in faces to the names Peter Stormare
Russian guy and Armageddon know me
Rapace lead actor in prometheus Alicia
vikander plays Ava the robot in ex
machina oh ok I don't I don't have
strong opinions on any of these people
I'll be honest I don't even remember the
lead actress in Prometheus I remember
she was good in that one seemed like the
only good scene in Prometheus but I
don't I can't even picture her face
going without the lock on huh yeah the
the camera is being so wonky I figured
it would be a little easier
and it has been
you've got this don't panic you've got
this don't panic I'm not panicking okay
I'm going away so I can okay he'll okay
but by Jove
by Jove he's done it
yeah I think that that was that was one
of my problem is I was relying too much
on the lock-on and that means that I was
getting caught on the statues and I was
getting caught on stuff which I think if
I remember correctly that was a problem
that I had like the lamb that was a
problem I had it in my first playthrough
as I'd get so focused on the lock-on you
know because you use it for the littler
enemies zero of death right intact I
don't I don't think that's what's come
on I've even I've even lost my blood
echoes once oh no I'm this isn't this
run is fucked but now we can we can at
very least turn in my blood echoes and
start leveling up actually doing
something with this run crane hen Christ
says leaving now to play in more into
the bridge
i watch all the streams I love you guys
I hope your fish are doing well rich
fresh you're doing fine thank you which
I really need to clean some algae out of
that tank
mmm but that doesn't bother the fish my
shrimp love it they're all over there
they're all over that algae okay what
are we gonna do here
yeah get me more HP obviously that's
happening more endurance like these it
more strength these are the basics
another these that's great let's do
another or one of those great and
another string your shrimp head knows
Laurel and Hardy I probably should have
saved some my axe probably needs to be
prepared
Marbois decals are required fine I
didn't want to do that anyway ha
what are you again
oh yeah you
I remember oh you know I've never done a
run with the Kirk hammer I think I'm
gonna buy the car camera that's what I
want
hmm wanna come on a hammer it's hammer
time
it's fucking jack you'd be crazy Heidi I
should not be allowed in front of a
microphone that's that's just the honest
truth I just sometimes I don't know why
I say stop me but I just gotta talk we
just gotta fill time here just fill in
time that's fair Swedish a Isis hey hi
you guys looking forward to Deathstalker
3 the lead girl is now the US ambassador
to Denmark what guess that shows how
little the current administration cares
about the Nordic countries uh-huh
looking forward to it now
Oh Deathstalker I you know what for in
my head that was a video game but
Deathstalker the Deathstalker of course
of course I'm where are you going Oh
grrrrrr he's his Linda's Birdy's advance
on you so you can't can't ditch the
birdies during the fight with him
come here Oh oh fuck I thought I killed
you say I tell you Jackson you gotta use
the two-handed charge attack more that
shit that shit will fuck some things up
like my gun hey I know I know
nope nope that didn't do it that didn't
do it
I really thought I staggered him there
I'll be honest with you would you come
over here you horrible ticket there we
go and I think I need like 3,000 blood
echoes to get a Kirk hammer so that's
our goal we're gonna master the Kirk
hammer need winces another tip thank you
guys for all the laughs and keeping my
mind occupied through many difficult
times I hope these tips buy you a lot of
Swedish meatballs yeah yeah I do we're
getting the speaking Swedish meatballs
that IKEA were finally getting an Ikea
in Wisconsin and the closest IKEA before
hand was down in Schaumburg Illinois
yeah which you know it's quite a drive
from Milwaukee but we are getting an
Ikea I bet yeah I bet you traffic on the
highway by there's gonna be fucked for a
while super fucked
what
all those people going to ikea jack they
need their shit furniture yep yep we all
need our shitty furniture that's super
cheap and they got the meatballs I'm
shocked you didn't choose those guys I
really should have you know how but I
stopped I stopped paying attention so I
could talk about Ikea
I'm just curious do you know how to
choose them there's a really great way
to choose is there I mean you run into
the door at the bottom of those stairs
in that house they can't get through the
door I've never done that with them
before all the time all the time
oh rich fighting one of those guys at a
time easy yeah yeah fighting too much
much less easy let's check out your
supercharged attack here I'm too far
away
you
all right come here trollee let's try
that again
nope cute nothing I don't kendo soz did
you guys ever play the Onimusha wa games
on the ps2 any any the Onimusha I know
what they are I've seen them
I've never played them I'm looking for
some games where I can be a badass
samurai or ninja right now preferably
samurai any suggestions are appreciated
Samurai I'm not that fond of the game
but Miho neo is an option for you a lot
of people like a lot of people like it
ninja ninja gaiden ninja fucking gaiden
apparently if you have an Xbox one
they just did a an upscaled an upscale
of ninja gaiden that runs at 60 frames a
second on the Xbox one if you have a
PlayStation 3 there was the complete
they completely reworked the graphics
for the ps3 ok a Ninja Gaiden Sigma ok
so there's a couple options for you and
Ninja Gaiden wise but for me strong
Ninja Gaiden recommendation Ninja Gaiden
Sigma is horrible what's horrible about
it I will actually let Benji Gaiden
Sigma that's that's my ninja gaiden of
choice so I'm kind of curious what you
think is horrible about it
wait are there three of them the
monsters no go run downstairs run
downstairs run downstairs just run for
it rod I'm running run Forrest run
watch I'm tougher guy in there by the
way
oh no I took it okay
it feels dirty I love it I love it
come here come here
Ninja Gaiden Black is considered to be
the best I know it is I'm I'm fond of
Simba though I I don't I don't think
it's much of a downgrade as a game and
it looks really pretty the same game it
looks really pretty
they're both fine choices though if you
want to go with ninja gaiden black or
Sigma I'm saying Ninja Gaiden in general
whatever whatever version of it is a
pretty fine game
I died to cheese
did you die to the cheese tied to the
cheese right how did you die to the
cheese that's a great question the the
wolf reached in and gotten you have a
long whooping just stay a woman
did I do the cheese it's fine it's all
fine everything's fine I guess
it's gonna be fine tied to the cheese
lost my blood echoes this guy picked him
up
everything's gonna be fine take care of
these guys in here just in case I got a
high tide again they want you to try old
to while to handing helps oh you know
what I feel
I forget about l2 while TVs in here your
combo
finger just get like one of their
attention sigma2 is the worst offender
it removes enemies entirely in certain
levels removing enemy types removing the
gore flat-out worst version of Ninja
Gaiden 2 but that I'll grant you look
what I haven't tried yet and I'm I'm I
own it I just another one of those
things I haven't gotten around to is
there's a version of Ninja Gaiden 3 the
bad the bad one Ninja Gaiden 3
uh-huh I'm the WiiU that supposedly
fixes a lot of problems ok I tell you
jag you gotta go in the house and use
use the charge attack on that ax men
yeah that didn't work out so well for me
alright
apparently there's a different cheese
here which is they can't cross this this
threshold really yeah they're alright I
beat them slightly less cheese he's fine
more honourable yeah it's just just
slightly more horrible just gonna farm
some blood echoes and see if I can get
that Kirk hammer and we'll turn this
into a Kirk hammer run just for the
shits of it sorry what's cheese uh
finding an easy unintended way to get
past or beat a section of a game so if
if you know that for this case an enemy
got trapped in an area and it was really
easy to poke at them to do little bits
of Health and it was hard for them to
hit you cheese yeah oh this section is
really hard to get through oh look I can
get over this wall here and it's kind of
a glitch the developer did not intend
for you to do that cheese oh oh this
enemy respawns here every two minutes I
can just stay here kill this enemy to
farm for experience
she said cheese that's just far as I
just farming I think that's just farming
you know what I'm gonna call that a gray
area between cheese and fun how about
that cheese is not a glitch so if it's a
glitch it doesn't count as cheesing oh
that's that's that could be that could
be I'm gonna I'm gonna say there is a
Venn diagram with cheese and farming in
there that's that cheese cheese farming
exploits cheese farming right
the origin of the term is zergling rush
isn't it well let that still doesn't
explain why it's called cheese unless
the Zergs look like cheese I'm not a big
Starcraft guy
magical trevor 37 says jack and rich i
love this game soundtrack especially the
tune for major marcher Liguori like i
can't have can't pronounce things martyr
ligarius what is favorite / Lee's
favorite thing about blood-borne have
your thoughts changed on it since you
reviewed it my favorite is the
satisfying yet difficult combat yeah
and just in general I don't know there
is a least favorite that's pretty good
oh all oh no yeah I like it's pretty
good I'd like some I'd like some better
arcane gems your first time through
without having to get the new game+
before you get some really neat gems
that make an arcane build on a weapon
useful that's what I would change okay
that's pretty fair
do-do-do-do-do phenomenon oh yeah I got
open you from the other side I want to
get too far away because I'm close to
3,000 I think I only need 3,000 to get
the Kirk hammer so let's head over this
way let's kill some some innocent
doggies I do feel bad office
well you know blood echoes are blood
echoes you know I'm saying mm-hmm at the
end of the day I remember you I remember
you beat you the classic blood borne
like oh look a treat right here I guess
I'll pick this up and then there's a you
know dog blood-borne is something I have
frequently said is the the only reason
to keep your ps4 absolutely and until
this is on PC this is a great reason to
keep your ps4 yep
I'm looking forward to it I hope
hopefully it'll eventually come to PC
we'll just it'll just make my my my
electronics setup a little bit simpler
you'll no longer need an HDMI adapter
splitter right all the Naughty Dog games
I hate the Naughty Dog games though we
hate the Naughty Dog games so that
doesn't bother me at all right for it
for you oh yeah if I you may be sure
that's fine that's fine I enjoy what you
want but for me the second the second
blood-borne is available on PC I can I
can put the ps4 into storage I think
that's totally Farage this horizon zero
dawn on PC no but I'm not super big on
it actually one of the things I don't
like is that I it's a lot of aiming
aiming intensive with that bow and arrow
and I can't use a mouse right right
if it was on PC do you think it would it
would change your feelings on it I'd
like it more I don't know that it would
be one of my all-time favorites they
sure like to me I I really enjoyed it
and and and I think that makes that
helps make the case for the ps4 plus all
of the all of the games that are on the
ps4 that are also on PC like I I think
ps4 is a fine system and if you if you
are a console person and you need a
console I think the ps4 is the way to go
unless you want the switch but why not
have both Kirk hammer let's buy the Kirk
Cameron which how many computers have
you owned in your life well there's some
there's some gray areas with like some
some major upgrades like what does that
count for you know sure but I don't know
see I was a kid there was one my dad
built for me I was young
I was young swim home my dad built me
when I was younger
mmm is the first computer I had that
could run it was excited I could run
Doom well the original og the first one
I built on my own and it was it was
never intended to be a good PC it was
just like a trainer I bought like cheap
fucking parched just like something I
could build on my own and not worry
about it too much so I had that but that
was never intended to last me a long
time then like a year less than a yard
for that I built my first nice one there
five or six probably nothing closed for
five all right see what I have to do I
see what I have to do
I can't equip my Kirk hammer until I
have more strength I'm on it I'm fucking
into the breach is awesome
trout 9k it's a very good game I would
I'm really hoping that much like FTL
that's another one that comes to the
iPad just because that one of the joys
of into the breach is its small game
sighs like I have a strong feeling that
into the breach was specifically
designed to port over easily to a tablet
it looks like it's running off of the
same basic engine and so I can only
assume that they will be coming to
tablets but one battle and into the
breach takes what five minutes some of
those some of those icons though you're
supposed to click on think they look so
large and touch friendly I know I want
it I would love that on the iPad just so
like oh yeah I have five minutes what
can I do load up into the breach play
one battle to shut it down
now let's find a nice little okay let's
hang here for a second I need to take a
bathroom break okay my first computer
Jack your first kind of you had a what
the hard drive yeah there's a whopping
five gigabytes five gigabytes Jack
listen listen y'all I I remember the the
day that I spent a large amount of money
to buy a zip drive because we know we
had floppy drives which could hold like
120 megabytes yeah and then the zip
drive could hold files up to like 500
megabytes and I and you know like I was
like oh my god I could fit like 10 songs
on here this is gonna be great and like
you know it took a whole special adapter
to get my zip drive on my computer
Chad I'm familiar with the dark mob
actually I remember the earliest days of
the dark mob when it was just people in
a lookingglass forum talking about the
potential of making a doom mod a thief's
mod out of doom so I'm familiar with it
i'm i even actually haven't played the
the dark mod but I'm definitely familiar
with him the dark mod for anybody who's
confused people know I'm playing
Dishonored right now and the dark mod
it's it's kind of like a it's kind of
like thief with a new engine take a
fan-made thief game and dishonored is
very much like thief
all right what have we got going on here
this time it's lupus says hey guys it's
March Madness and I don't care but
because it's just the sort of thing
people do this time of year
give us your 4 to 1 seeds that is top 4
of best of the worst movies and then I'm
gonna really have we don't really have
seedings for best of the worst movies
that's cute that's cute
I had joked around about 4 best of the
worst doing March badness but that that
would require like we were talking about
movies again which that just defeats the
purpose of the show the best of the
worst
March Madness but March badness Mars bad
that's what I wanted to call it okay I'm
down but it's fundamentally flawed you
can't you can't bring a movie back on
the show after you've already done it
sure doesn't work it would not work
that's absolutely fair round 2 would
just be a lot of rehashing

[Part II]
round two would just be a lot of
rehashing new best of the worst movies
tournament not with the old ones well
here's the thing once you get to round 2
of your tournament there are all movies
you've done before
go shoot him on a pole yes because you
keep shooting everything he's supposed
to usually pretty heavy attack I want to
shoot it things need to kill you need to
kill the hunter guys hey theoretically
isn't there a hard limit to the amount
of vhss you can review well
theoretically but we're never going to
get there there's a lot of bad movies
even if even assuming shit shit shit
fuck fuck
even assuming there is a new best of the
worst every like let's say every two
weeks yeah three new movies every two
weeks it would take us a decade just to
get through what is on our shelves
currently right three okay so a decade
okay every so if we're a new best of the
worst every two weeks three movies best
of the worst
what is that 25 26 3 is 60
that's only that's only 60 that's only
72 movies a year rich three a day three
and three an episode yeah three episodes
52 52 weeks of years that's 26
that I'm saying you know it'll take us a
decade to get through what we already
have and then people will send us more
and then more movies will be made and
Breen is still out there we've got some
hidden doubles so money you can't keep
track of this shit yeah this is a fair
amount of doubles in there but not that
many yeah we're good for a while we're
good for a fucking wild do you don't got
worried about nothing
Storm Templar says internet uncle's
Starcraft is having its 20th anniversary
any chance of playing Blizzard game to
honor them not really I got nothing
against Blizzard but Starcraft man I'm
not a real-time strategy guy or I'm not
a massively multiplayer guy which which
kind of leads me out of the blizzard
circle yes that you do like over 100 I
fucking love over actually that's what I
was playing today I was playing just
overwatch all day today
and you know what we can do more
overwatch live on stream win a but a hit
day but a get day comes comes on Diablo
2 I never liked the look of Diablo it
looked like just a lot of clicking on
things a lot of I think that's what it
is
that's what Diablo is just a lot of
clicking
get out even a new overwatch skin build
more pylons the twitcher formerly known
as son of Jana Jana and Gianna however
you pronounce that shit okay even though
that was the rest of that tip okay they
want to do something blizzard yeah in
honor of StarCraft a game I don't care
about its 20th anniversary right there's
a new hero that they're working on for
for overwatch that I'm really excited
about it's a heavy healer class yeah do
I know of any safe places yet and
apparently not I bought so I'm really
excited about that new overwatch
character and when she comes out well
suppose treated more overwatch just cuz
I play overwatch all the effing time
yeah no apparently not fine where am i
where am i and what am i doing rich
these are the questions I don't know oh
I'm about to go into the sewers watch
they Jessica Jones season 2 yet I didn't
even know it was out it is it just
kidding oh yeah I'm a few episodes in
and much like with season 1 it's taken
me a little bit to kind of get into get
into it because it's not so like Jessica
Jessica Jones season 1 is
super great as far as I'm concerned it
does this whole like Monster is metaphor
thing better than any of the Marvel
Netflix shows like the the way that it
ties together its metaphor with the
action I think is better than any of the
other Netflix shows but the season one
got really lucky if you had David
Tennant and had an amazing villain
mm-hm Dawid Tennant yeah as the purple
man and it was able to turn its major
theme of someone who's been through
trauma I'm just dealing with like how
would people deal with trauma into kind
of a nice revenge story and so there was
that like visceral element to season one
this won't be any spoilers no spoilers
but season the theme that they're going
for for season two is dealing with
depression and addiction okay and so
there's not that visceral element that
we get with the revenge story of season
one it's kind of a downer but it's still
very good scene in the comic alias yeah
that Jessica Jones is based off of yeah
yeah once they did the purple man story
the story was done the comic just ended
yeah yeah I told my sorry we're done I I
could absolutely see that oh wait
there's something up there I'm
remembering this area now but uh so yeah
it's very good they're they're dealing
with some good they're dealing with some
with some fun and a heady shit but but
there's nothing there's nothing super
visceral about it this time
like there was with season one
far far mirrors is Jack yeah months ago
I started playing binding of issac
because you recommended it yeah today I
completed the full game nice but I lost
my job my wife okay and my house in the
process what should I play now
excellent question
you've how do you feel about ruining
somebody's in life they make their own
decisions I'm just you know I'm just
over here I think there's been a lot of
people that have been able to I think
there's a lot of people that have been
able to play that game and not lose all
of their worldly possessions so that's
on them
oh shit oh shit oh shit no no in that
batsman you're fine
wait where's the guy with the gun see
right behind you getting ready to shoot
no I think he's over there I think I'm
able to deal with this guy
yes very slowly very slowly hope there
is someone enter the gungeon jack how do
you feel about enter the gungeon as a
follow-up to binding of issac I think no
enter the gungeon has its own positive
elements but it is by no means and Isaac
replacement okay and if you're looking
for just something that's like intense
though there's things that do enter the
gungeon better than enter the gungeon
does if you're looking for just intense
twin-stick do nuclear throne that's hard
is the fucking balls twin stick shooter
roguelike and to the gungeon has its
problems it has its limitations it
doesn't have the cool weapon synergies
that Isaac has that's that's my problem
with it that's the real thing it's not
it's you're not it's not going to be an
Isaac replacement
shit shit that guy got lucky
I got very lucky there yeah he whiffed
yeah okay all right where is rich versus
Jack and visit again heroes we've done
that yeah we've plated visit gun heroes
that was fun in visiting heroes I'm
still trying to put I want to I want to
petition that on the switch in visit gun
heroes would be a perfect switch game
why because the switch is a built in
multiplayer machine ok and in visit gun
heroes is a one screen multiplayer game
isn't that everything what everything is
built in multiplayer machines these days
but the switch is something you can take
on the go have one copy of the game in
two controllers built in you're crazy
man okay can you do local co-op with one
person using a TV and the other person
holding a switch when they can do that
well I'll be interested wait wait like
one person using the switch screen and
the other person using a TV for a
multiplayer game on the switch is that a
thing that can happen probably not
because you need the HDMI in this way
what the fuck does it matter because the
switch has two controllers built into it
for multiplayer but you still need a no
switch so no you don't you could have
one switch and two controllers to play
and visit again heroes oh okay I guess
for that yeah because that's one screen
that's one series what I'm saying you're
right you're right
Jack you were absolutely right thank you
point Jack but oh I got a point
oh my god I'd like to thank so many
people you know you never think you're
gonna be in this situation you know my
wife Lisa she's been with me since the
beginning thank you rich Evans you know
for honing me and always making me doubt
myself rich is dumb sometimes yeah I
think we're all dumb sometimes but you
can you can you can really enhance me
for being dumb this time you can you can
do that
here's here's the thing with the switch
this way
Nintendo makes good games typically yes
I look forward to those games okay I
don't give much of a shit about the
hardware it's on itself though like if
Nintendo wanted to make their software
for whatever I would be just as fine
with that okay yeah yeah and by the way
I agree with that okay I agree with that
though that being said I enjoy I enjoy
that Nintendo is still in there to mix
things up yeah the fact that you know
the we came out and they said that we
we're gonna fuck up but what you think
of you know are our controls even though
motion controls ended up being a bad
idea in the long run they still like to
poke the bear and I dig that I mean I
know it's portable yeah but there's
nothing there's nothing about the switch
itself that I find exciting that you
person writes per source yeah
and I understand that I I love the idea
and you know again our situations are
very different but like for me if I
gotta go somewhere with my kids
okay I know I can bring the switch with
Mario Kart in it it has the 2
controllers built-in they can be then
both of them play a game together
without me having to worry about it
that's to me that's that's worth its
weight in gold
alright somebody in the chat has a point
okay nobody but Nintendo would do
something like lab oh that's right
because it's a stupid idea
unnecessary $60 cardboard yeah right
it's fucking nuts man it's nuts
it's great I guess that's it in this
area no I think it's great man they're
they're getting out there is there no I
want to go down there cuz I think I
dropped some weapons so just go down
there it's gonna so on you know it yeah
because in dome has their name on it
that doesn't change the fact that it's a
stupid idea can you imagine if Xbox did
Lemmo
what the reaction would be if the Xbox
did lab oh fuck sister should yeah I
wonder I wonder I think the I think Xbox
fans would you say so uh so what are the
microtransactions
in this Nintendo has mastered novelties
that you spend a lot of money on and
then just forget about and they collect
dust after you play them once oh yeah oh
yeah oh the sauce beer look at this
thing
I think this was my this is my go-to
weapon in all other run-throughs the
sauce beer badass man
Xbox cardboard would somehow overeat
okay can you imagine the stories were
like the Xbox controller would overheat
the cardboard and people's Xbox lab bows
would be catching on fire can you
imagine these wonderful stories done
because of Xbox lab oh
is this their first problem this is
Jack's first run and like how many how
many years I mean when did the DLC
camera come out when day down yeah yeah
when did the old hunter I don't even
know what the DLC is calling this is my
first run in years this is my first time
playing blood-borne since the DLC came
out oh there's a ladder does that get me
back to where I need to go the red ring
just comes printed on the xbox live oh
it's just printed right on there shit
shit shit
was that
you can't into my shit
it's that fuckin gun
dr. Luber dub says bad movies come on
VHS DVD and blu-ray we're bad movies
ever a thing on Betamax or laserdisc oh
yeah
bad movies like deliberately bad like
releasing bad movies deliberately like
you get a blu-ray release of a bad movie
from 1980 it's like that the equivalent
of that on Betamax I don't think so wait
I don't understand the question then I'm
sorry bad movies come on VHS DVD and
blu-ray were bad movies everything on
Betamax or laserdisc how about a beta
bad in this episode lol thank Almighty I
don't think they're saying like a
purposeful but I think they mean like
you know did canon release on they said
they said blu-ray I just assumed it
meant deliberately releasing something
that was bad in a better format oh yeah
that's what I assumed they meant was
just less movies in general I would on
Betamax so there might not be for that
reason right and oh fuck and I think you
know the reason that VHS eventually won
out is because they were cheaper right
they were just cheaper to produce
you know what I was gonna say was length
but that was that was laser just issue
that's most things on laserdisc had to
come in like three or four parts
what am I fit still one of my favorite
like laserdisc memories like like I
never had a laser display yeah but I'm a
huge you know laser disc did you watch
it
I remember watching like The Wizard of
Oz on it and then halfway through you
have to flip over the laser disc this
might have been a fancy two-sided player
oh there uh if I don't know if it's
still this way but you know I'm a big
Kevin Smith fan especially his early
films and his commentary track for
Mallrats he made the commentary track
for the laserdisc version yeah and so
like he spends most of the commentary
actually shitting on DVDs he's like
laser discs are what the format of the
future DVDs suck are you kidding I am
not kidding at all in so much so before
you listen to the commentary there's
actually a little disclaimer beforehand
yeah of him going actually
by the way DVD is obviously the superior
format it one out which we did this
before you know we knew who was gonna
win laserdisc er DVD why wouldn't you
know who was gonna win laserdisc doesn't
care it just talks it's the great so
like if you listen to the Mallrats
commentary track it's like just names
shitting on DVDs gone like laserdisc is
clearly the superior format this is so
fucking weird is the best is this it's
honestly just so much fun and that is my
only memory of laserdisc okay
want to get this other weapon or
whatever this thing is over here Jack
that is the best description of Kevin
Smith I've ever heard he doesn't care he
just talks yep
Kevin Smith has is the precursor to a
lot of what we consider modern media
Kevin Smith had a heart attack that's
true that doesn't erase any faults he's
had right I'm not gonna suddenly like
cop out
just because g-man had a heart attack I
have said work cop-out was fine oh you
know I look I think it's
underappreciated fuck off I I have said
multiple times that like Kevin Smith is
an incredibly important figure in modern
filmmaking for me personally without
Kevin Smith I would not have the career
that I have right now he's the one that
that inspired me to make dumb videos cuz
if he could do it fucking anyone could
oh oh you could just go together what
you hang out with your friends and make
a movie I want to do that he was doing
podcasts but before podcasts were a
thing he was you know doing TED Talks
before TED talks were a thing
it was very nearly Silent Bob for good
that that joke only works if he has
larynx cancer yeah
like Silent Bob isn't dead
best weapon in the game best weapon in
the game
Kevin Smith is weirdly religious so is
every Scientologist yeah yeah I mean all
of these things are true I don't think
it's more yes I don't think it's all
right when it comes to Hollywood
personality isn't religion Kevin Smith
is not anywhere near the weirdest right
fucking right oh these guys I know these
guys I remember all of this so all I'll
come in it's all coming back to me now
wait is that a thing is that a thing mr.
thing no no no no no no no I'm not
saying Kevin Smith is a Scientologist
I'm saying being a Catholic really isn't
that weird you know in a world where
there are Scientologists right that's
what I'm saying and as far as Catholics
I know he's a Catholic as far as
Catholics go I'm pretty sure he's pretty
lacs why he's not he's not like
preaching on Sundays or nothing I'm
saying Catholicism may got ain't got
nothing on Tom Cruise right right
fucking right ain't got nothing on you
need to take a 500-dollar personality
test I'm I'm a believer in a religion
that was quite clearly a fraud invented
by a science fiction author really just
takes the cake doesn't it a failed
science fiction I believe in this
obvious fraud some people are sad man
they just they just want something to
believe in I get it
they just keep wanting money saya telah
I don't get Scientologists like like a
lot of religions they get their
grandfather yeah like people didn't know
anybody when they invented this shit yes
right by the way that's like with with
Christianity those lads been around
since forever but like Scientology you
were there when it was invented
Scientology up Mormonism right we have
records we we know Joseph Smith was a
con man he was in jail for it that's
great
what's over here were you there when he
made up your religion I don't have one
well that's the point is no we weren't
around 2,000 years ago
that was the hope original point of the
rant is like to that you know something
has been around for 2,000 years ago all
right
been around for a while my dad that
might lend it some credence so will
Scientology be more legit in 2,000 years
um
theoretically it'll it'll have yeah the
origins might be obscured enough there's
got that illusion of legitimacy
absolutely theoretically absolutely
though we do have the record showing
that the founder wrote science fiction I
don't know that that will go away
there's like there's also a difference
like now nowadays are you know one with
Scientology established in the 70s or
60s 50 so like in the 50s a lot more
people were literate so they were like
writing things down everyone was writing
things down but back in in Jesus's times
not everyone could read or write and so
very few people were actually writing
shit down em and so what's true what
we're seeing now is like different the
the an event from several different
perspectives which gives us more
information the image of Tom Cruise will
be hanging around people's necks and on
the walls of their homes oh my god
you're right oh my god you're right
Jesus Christ you're right but let us now
read from the book of homes our Saint
Katie no no she's the she loved she was
right she's like the Satan she's the
Mary Magdalene of the story
she's the betrayer who at the end times
Tom Cruise will have to fight Katie
Holmes katie is the fallen angel yes now
she's the whore in temptress who tried
and failed to corrupt Saint Saint Cruz
sent by Xenu Katie Holmes was sent by
Xenu yes you corrupt st. Holmes or Saint
Cruz preach it just preach it sure is
rich sure is
nonnamous says saying that rlm seems
pretty heavily focused towards comedy
humor would you ever consider making a
dramatic serious film or project as a
group I mean oh I know I know Mike can
shave made a horror film in the past
that's true the recovered it's probably
still available on their website red
letter media calm and now we're reading
from The Last Samurai
good times
John Travolta the Baptist yeah yeah
that's that's nice that works John
Travolta them John Travolta the Baptist
yes yeah oh it's great I'm with it and I
think it's great opened up some gates
they over there yeah I think it was over
there
all right we're doing pretty good you're
still not wearing clothes yes still
Network are you ever going to put
clothes on ah you know I might find some
better pants I don't like these like
look at these like do lead eggs did you
find the hunters outfit that's down
there someone I actually don't know if I
found that yet I don't like these do
lead eggs hanging around my legs so I
might find some different pants but I
I'm enjoying my shirtless hunter turn
around yeah you can meet him anywhere
what you wife you want to stay shirtless
whatever but I mean on the other side
like facing the camera up up there
there's uh I'm not up there
no I was just it's right up there yeah
that glowing thing right there is the
hunters outfit okay whoa yeah if I
remember how to get oh yeah cuz that
that comes from if I drop down from down
around somewhere from around the bridge
thing go down yeah yeah I remember okay
yeah let's go let's go that way let's
clear out all these areas if you like
the no shirt I'm not trying to compete
oh no matter what I'm gonna be shirtless
oh come on better be pants yeah I don't
look at these straps they're annoying
look at him suspenders yeah a suspenders
that he's not wearing if he was wearing
the suspenders like properly then I'd
keep these pants forever well look at
the size of the suspenders there's no
way those would fit comfortably over his
shoulders doesn't beat doesn't flop
right well you'd have to tighten them
obviously I'm not an idiot
did I kill these guys already
MC Lucca says yes I'm sorry I'm C Lucas
go ahead
MC Lucas says it's ironic that
Scientology is what made me an atheist
realizing that if people could fall for
that dumb shit now then what was
stopping them from falling for it 2000
years ago thank South Park literacy
literally that's all that was stopping
people is oftentimes you know back in
the day oftentimes the only people who
could read or write were the priests the
people who needed your money the people
who needed your money and they had a
whole book dedicated to why they needed
your money
dogs hate these dogs I love this
warfarin I hate these dogs I love this
weapon okay
we're doing great there's something down
this well they kept that shit Latin just
to fuck with people even more yeah yeah
these are the truths we should be we
should be so well then you can't read it
or even really have it recited to you
and understand what it's saying right so
you had these people just making shit up
we should be so grateful for all the
shit we know she's them I wouldn't yeah
I got a lot of sewer to go I got a lot
of sewer to go still yeah that's the
area remember I'm a member at all Jack
raise your strength and use Kirk hammer
it's awesome
that's what I'm doing right now actually
I'm I'm farming blood echoes so I can
raise my strength but I need like 16
strength to use the Kirk hammer and I'm
only at 12 so strength I have a ways to
go
throw whole TVs to say guys I'm
relaunching all the best of the worst
episodes and wonder if there's ever been
a best slash wheel the worst episode you
were a part of that you thought would be
terrible unwatchable almost a lot of
them almost every single one at one of
the best the best I sometimes you know
they're crap but frequently frequently
there you know you know you know you've
got gold like the last one well I know
we've got gold bod and we can't talk
about it too much we all tuile episodes
yeah there's been a lot of times we did
a wheel episode I thought yeah there's
nothin there yeah so yeah sometimes I'll
come I'll come back from a filming I'll
come back home after filming and just
and just feel really down I guess I
guess you're right that there are there
are a few occasions where oh you dick
there are a few occasions where I'll
feel pretty good about an episode
clip-clop watch out for those rats down
there well I remember I remember the
rats and I think it just fell down there
but no that's fine
let's try that again do that again
there we go
Jack is kind of good at this game not
feeling the rust ah Jack shaking it off
yeah no I knew it would come back
eventually if you were here for the
beginning of the stream you might have
noticed that was little yeah yeah yeah
some troubles at first but no there's no
way we get to the DLC tonight I
understand that we're not even at that
were close to him father gascoigne which
is a terrible name father gascoigne shit
shit shit
rats be careful fuck
fuck it's nice that you healed just in
time to lose that exact same amount of
holes fight that's fine I just right
around the corner there's another one of
the big guys oh did it kill there's
another one around the corner listen I
killed one of them I'm gonna be I think
that was the one that came down after
you it's not good come here rat I'm
pretty sure there's one down here that
yeah yeah yeah you're right near right
there's another one there's another one
right around the corner but listen I
killed the one that was after me and I
didn't think I killed him which is
literacy strikes again but multiple
people have told me that his name is
pronounced Gascoigne it's something like
that yeah what else would you pronounce
it guess Quan father curse Quan so many
rats so many rats hi
nope
this might like that move right there
the swing and an open upswing
oh my god I've never really used their
weapon oh my god like that right there's
like the quick swing and then the wide
open one and like look at this like the
superpower stab that I went through the
whole game with this weapon I fucking
love it but we're good and we're gonna
Kirk hammer just to do something a
little different this time if I can even
get to the Kirk Hammet tonight all the
time is it 8:30 oh we got well we got
plenty of time to go to the Kirk piano
you started on time today we're good
everything's good did I oh no I fell
down that's right that's right like some
kind of dickhead yeah there's a guy like
the ride was he on that side oh look at
him yeah look at him yeah Oh II think
he's gonna scare me I hope come on
and you're gonna follow the bitch
because he have to Harry that's right
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo okay you make it way
down there watch out for the mutants
yeah open up the shortcut all right
let's see what uh what these pants look
like well obviously they're not covered
in blood oh yeah we got rid of the we
got rid of the suspenders those are nice
that's nice oh we could put you know put
some gloves on
those are nice gloves and yeah maybe a
hat but you know what these are very
fanciful gloves I enjoy the gloves great
sure shirtless suspenders were very
hardcore no this is this is better these
pants are way better I had oh oh there's
a thing up there I really didn't like
the suspenders they were flopping around
all over the place
gotta get the top hat after gascoigne oh
yeah maybe a top hat would make this
outfit really sing but I love Father
Gascoigne's hat oh yeah yeah that's my
main state I don't care that it's not
that effective yeah I like that hat
that's a hey that sometimes it's all it
matters you see if it looks good for you
this guy what's this cold-blood bowler
hat is more appropriate that would go
well with the shirtless yeah we'll see
if we can find that their bowler
happiness I assume how do I get down
from here and not die instantly I think
Jack I already talked to the crow lady
above the rat warehouse did you talk to
her enough to get the thing to do the
things later to do there's a whole story
with her is there I talked to her once
do I have to talk to her again she gives
you like a thing and then you talk to
her again I think she gives you another
thing and then she'll show up later if
you do that
well if I go down here I can get to her
faster but I'll go talk to her again let
me just see how I can not I think you
have to do
before you do the father gascoigne part
I think she goes away after that well
I'm not don't quote me on that I'm not
sure oh here we go
here's it board I can jump on nope yeah
it eventually unlocks probably the
hardest fight in the game oh okay that
almost killed me
you always have to exhaust NPC dialogue
what is my favorite animated roadie film
that's an odd question but believe it or
not I have an answer the secret of NIMH
oh really yeah
secret of NIMH that's hardcore man yeah
it's crawling after me go go secret of
NIMH - is better I can only assume
that's a joke
that sounds exactly like a joke the
secret him to Timmy to the rescue is
that a real thing yeah straight-to-video
sequel I didn't even know that was real
came out came out well it came out like
two decades after the movie did it came
out like 98 Timmy to the rescue that
sounds like a fake movie NIM is
wonderfully dark Oh
I mean it's darkly dark I can't imagine
a sequel called Timmy comes to the
rescue as his dark that's why I thought
it was a joke you know they made it have
I been here before
yeah I've been down this Timmy comes to
the rescue
and now NIMH is name is like borderline
like inappropriate for oh yeah scary but
fascinating to me when I was a kid oh
sure yeah absolutely
fucking all fucking creepy asshole and
his head goes upside like it doesn't
just turn around it goes like fucking
upside down and shit oh god
and then that poor farmer is just like
it's time to cook the grass but it's
it's murder
it's murder for everyone when he cuts
the fucking grass people doing horrible
experiments and rats that make them
super intelligent right right fucking
cat that's literally trying to devour
our protagonist it can't already got her
husband it's beautiful it's beautiful
yeah
National Institute of Mental Health yeah
I was based on real things yeah oh I got
the shake off Cape thing look it up they
did some kind of horrific rat behavioral
experiments that that made some of the
rats kind of homicidal and horrible yeah
but unlike the movie chemicals were not
involved my fan of Fritz the Cat I've
never seen it I don't want to see a sexy
animated cat movie that's just not the
thing I yeah
so did I have I exhausted all dialogue
with her now she gave me the shake off
Cape thing so I'm good
I think Chuck just talk to her one more
time so she starts repeating yeah okay
that's yes she's repeating and then she
will she will show up later somewhere
else hidden you might have to look up
where she shows up okay but she shows up
later in a hidden spot talked were there
and then that unlocks a thing and you
get a kind of a neat a hunter fight out
of it and then one more thing happens
and it's the hardest fight in the game
okay I almost died
I was died right there because I missed
a landing god damn this game but look at
that rat corpse like glitching through
boxes you see a head no yeah that's
great it's fine
that's great this game's great where are
we what are we doing we are going this
way where are we and what are we doing
we have a decent number of blood echoes
nope okay missed that ladder yes the the
the real-life NIM experience permits
look at the mouse utopia experiments the
rat utopia
something utopia experiments rat or
mouse whatever horrifying they are it
actually is
they wanted to study well the the intent
was to equate this to human overcrowding
but living in large cities okay so they
deliberately put rats in a situation
where they would be overcrowded well
good
that sounds great that sounds like great
time for everyone involved is it mice or
rats I honestly I don't remember
I think it's rats though
ah
dang you
that's the mouse utopia Explorer okay
Mouse utopia experiments this just
sounds like the most not fun thing to
read about ever
boki b85 says hey wreckers hi mokey
that's Chevy 85 I'm not sure of you to
like city builder Sims maybe Karen would
like the game surviving Mars coming soon
it's like planet coaster but you build a
fully functioning Mars colony let's need
that might be it's not my go-to genre
but Ivan
I've enjoyed some Sin City in the
SimCity in the past enjoyed Sin City too
but that's a different beast ah
Mythbusters did an experiment where they
tried keeping mice live on cardboard
from cereal boxes I love you guys
scrolling safe too much stuff after
about a week the one Mouse ate the other
to where all that was left was bone
they never aired that on TV I didn't see
that yeah I wonder why
oh yeah I know where I is I know I never
did get around to playing city skylines
believe I own it though City skylines
radical Trevor 37 says jack-jack yeah
okay slice them up good show him you're
the ones who tripped into the wrong hood
fear the old fraud transcend the hunt
you hack Gascoigne's ask better get
whooped by you jack and then they they
drew a little dick squirting semen emoji
how how creative of you congratulations
all you people in here are you still
grinding before the gas going fight I'm
almost to the gas going fight uh yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna trade in cuz I just
unlocked the shortcut before yeah oh I
did okay i unlock the elevator shortcut
so now I'm gonna start I'm gonna trade
in what I gots and see if I can get a
upgrade my strength enough to get that
Kirk hammer we'll see so I watched the
first Mad Max for the first time tonight
I'm 35 should I be ashamed and also
should I play the mad mad game games
it's $20 on Steam oh you shouldn't be
ashamed or there's so many movies I'm
not that big on the first Mad Max movie
I think road warrior and then fury road
is where it's at sure sure I mean it's
it's fun to kind of watch them all to
see how these have evolved yeah but Road
Warriors fucking awesome oh yeah
yeah what you know of as Mad Max really
has his fortunes in the road warrior
right yeah it started off as like it's
there enough so like delightfully
generic post-apocalyptic it doesn't even
start off that apocalyptic right and
things are just falling apart they're
not they're not gone yet it's not
terrible no no it's really not what I
need okay so I still need two more
strength we're doing all right
maybe out maybe I'll have to be gas
going with my with my saw blade though
make sure read any regular Batman comics
from the 70s or 80s I'm not really at at
that time I wasn't super into comics I
didn't really started getting into
comics ironically until the 90s when
they started turning your shit shoot
well that's when you're the right age
but is when you when you you don't
really start reading comics until you're
like you know preteen teen at least in
my experience though the one I did start
reading comics in the 90s my favorites
were the 80s back issues of spider-man
yeah sure sure sure but I haven't read
much Batman from that era I am sorry
this isn't where I wanted to go Roger
stern and then Tom DeFalco runs on
amazing spider-man fucking love
I started reading comics when I was in
fourth grade well I didn't get into him
till I was a teenager like they were
round like a bunch of my friends had him
like an x-men comics but like you know
just like an issue here they're like no
one no one like read them they're like I
I here's a comic book like one comic
book everyone had one he's just like one
comic book hanging around but you know
then you're a teenager and you actually
like you know you get a job and you
actually have like money to spend
yeah that's when you start I got to know
maybe a year or two before image was a
thing okay okay come on trolls
well you got hey troll now read the old
weed did Co run on spider-man I loved it
the old lead did Co run oh yeah those
wasn't easy to get a hold of when I when
I was a shy nerdy 15 year old white boy
who felt like the world was out to get
him those those those old did Co lis
issues really spoke to me oh god yeah ya
know and you know they have those like
giant collection like the the essential
spider-man collection like they're just
a fat ass book that's like three years
worth of comics and one it's great
oh ho EP I have not read saga since
they've been released as volumes caring
house yeah the image comics are really
good or were in the early 90s someone
has some roast tinted glasses or didn't
actually read early 90s Image Comics
look image nearly destroyed comics with
the exception of the Savage Dragon which
I've heard is bad now but back then
Savage Dragon was the ship and
everything else image produced was just
thrown together crap just some artists
who knew they were popular then they
were trying to cash in and that's fine
but they nearly destroyed comic books
I'm not lying and we're exaggerating
they nearly destroyed comics as an art
form just just just a group of five
really dedicated people we're trying to
make some money yeah
oh yes Pig I can go get that pig now and
go poke a pig in the butt
what works was okay max as well yeah but
the problem was Rob Liefeld and and todd
mcfarlane
and maybe to a lesser extent uh jim lien
especially Rob Liefeld who just fucking
print whatever he would fucking print
whatever and there would be images and
the story was who gives you shit you've
you've by the way and kept perfectly
encapsulated Rob Liefeld yeah yeah draw
whatever print whatever story who gives
a shit and Todd McFarlane was all like I
have people like my pictures I'm gonna
print some money yep
I'm just gonna print some money wait
didn't that pig have a thing in his
belly tonight wasn't I supposed to it
wasn't that the pig that had like the
amulet and his whatever
maybe I didn't trigger that like like
out of out of that early image group
Eric Larsen the least famous of them was
the only one who actually wanted to make
comic books yeah oh they're ever it like
like Liefeld and MacFarlane were just
money money money yeah yeah all the
money I can money what what is good what
can I turn into a toy that I can then
sell that was those time McFarland's
business model yes what can I turn into
a toy hmm a inarticulate toy that's
gonna fall apart if you actually try and
move the pieces but it looks really good
in the box and that's all that matters
and so we're gonna charge twenty bucks
for the toy that's crapoly made but
well-sculpted built cuz like everything
he did it was pretty in shallow hey what
is making this Bond movie now so we got
that to look forward to Todd McFarlane's
spawn movie who's excited about that and
I I hate Todd McFarlane I do I
understand why he did what he did what I
hate him
Spahn acids had to design not a
character yeah where's the tragedy with
spawn in the the the initial concept
there's something there deal with the
devil wife does no he is anymore
and then just don't do anything with it
because you just draw the pretty images
mmm
yeah I mean but you know like like
anything like he a talented writer could
make something that's fun but I I can
pretend we're like the crow know the
crow
I need to rewatch the crow I never
understood spawn you all you need to
understand if you want to understand
spawn all you need to understand is that
todd mcfarlane at the time was super
hype and spawn was made by todd
mcfarlane now you understand spa
fuck you
I'd say I'd save my bullets for the last
half of this fight but you do what you
do you can you can't get some good
staggers on her now but I find the
easiest way to beat his last form his
final form is staggering sure I know I'm
sorry I'm just trying I'm not trying to
be an ass I want to see Jack succeed oh
yeah I'm not trying to be an ass no I'm
not I'm not picking up I'm not picking
up that because she's helping
what what damn it damn it get up
oh fuck
fuck you
gotcha
what come on why can't I stagger you
alright I'm saying I know my well I
don't think you were quick enough that
could be there I'm just gonna cheese in
with the cheese whatever words pick up
shit wake up this is why you need the
bullet shit wake up you please do please
as a prison
you get too far she's gonna keep doing
that shit oh you please you please you
please
a couple good staggers is all you need
jack
I actually actually really like this
fight I do that's a good fight it's a
fine fight ins yeah you want some wine
with that cheese Jack whatever works
guys whatever works fine you're playing
correctly jack absolutely trying to read
comics is impossible you have to read
issue 986 then that run becomes issue
one then that run becomes issue 1000 to
celebrate then Bendis takes the
character and ruins it welcome to all
comics no know what you have to do is
this missmizon is although I am I am a
little excited about Bendis his upcoming
run on Superman yeah he is he said he's
like we are we are Superman is Rio
returning to Superman being a beacon of
hope he's the good guy and it's all
about like how you know like he's he's
the good guy and only the good guy
because that's what Superman is yeah but
I heard something I heard that that
woman is in a Batman is engaged to
Catwoman no yes I think that's true so
that means another reboot is around the
horizon for DC to wipe out the mayor's
wipe out the marriage you know it I you
know a comic-book character can't have a
stable relationship I know I know
could help leads to the cathedral ward
well I heard that I just thought yeah
reboot incoming again yeah yeah you're
probably right
maybe it won't be stable do you really
want to read about Batman having marital
troubles with Catwoman is that what you
want to read uh you know what by the way
like maybe who knows I'm an adult now
like yeah married oh yeah fine I wasn't
marriage drama you want to read the
issue where they get a divorce and she
leaves with half the Wayne fortune
Batman's trying to operate a budget by
the way that did great things for
Batgirl
by the way when when Batgirl ditched
Bruce Wayne back when Bruce Wayne was
stopping being Batman and Commissioner
Gordon was Robbo Batman because that's
right because you know comic books
check they might be fun together but you
know damn well this is the kind of thing
that someone's gonna come in and undo
and there's no way that this
relationship lasts there's no way sorry
Jeff oh yeah no no it's fine look it's
all the same shit but uh when Batgirl
ditched Batman and had to be on her own
she lost all of her shit
yeah and then you know it was more of an
underdog story and news like oh you know
just I'm gonna sew together my own
costume I'm gonna use makeshift tools
and just be a detective and so like when
she did revitalize herself it was a
decent run for a while so perhaps Batman
could do a similar thing but again
that's not necessarily why people like
Batman that's why we like spider-man
there are no good stories to be told
about married people I don't necessarily
agree with that my only my only real
point is there's no way that they're
going to keep Batman and Catwoman
together there's just no way they're
going to do that okay so so long we need
a pool we need that we need a divorce
pool yeah how many issues do you think
they last year and a half so so 18
issues yeah I like it I'm giving it I
think a year and a half would have been
a great guess in the 90s but we have to
factor in decompress storytelling and we
have to you know thank you thank you
Brian Bendis news cycles so much faster
now right so I'm giving it six issues oh
wow
six issues so just for the news cycles
just for the news cycle I and then
you're probably right on the sixth issue
they get divorced or Catwoman dies or
Batman dies or something happens you're
probably right
where's the fireball I'll take they were
never married the whole time for 600 so
the spider-man defense this I mean
that's still that's still like a divorce
that's that counts in the divorce rules
I give it six issues until the marriage
is undone by whatever means okay whether
it whether Satan is involved or just you
know good old good old traditional
American divorce
gahafer coroner says the road warrior
was a pretty pioneering LGBT film was is
riding around with his boyfriend and you
can hear the humongous say smegma
crazies to the left the gate gay boy
berserkers to the gate I I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna say you're wrong but I
always read the whole was thing with his
boyfriend I don't know that he saw him
as a boyfriend as much as he saw him as
just property mm-hmm sure sure
I always thought saw that as more of
just an animalistic thing I'm gonna take
whatever the fuck I can and I'm gonna
take you because I can I'm going to show
my dominance over somebody more prison
boyfriend and boyfriend I saw that Moroz
prison boyfriend than boyfriend very
friend yes that's fair
you know you got to do that pig fisting
just cuz like its blood echoes it's free
blood echoes at this point go down fist
a pig you get that you get the blood
echoes prison in the desert wasteland
but the desert wasteland is a prison
that's that's kind of it's just there's
nowhere to escape from because
everything is the desert wasteland
that's a little bit of the point mad
Max's it's not a pleasant world we're
going out we're going cheese again
because that's what we're doing it's
need to work really well last time
cheese won the boyfriend that's cool
like I'm someone I'm not saying you're
wrong I'm just giving you my
interpretation
Australia is also in person yes I like
it I like where this is going
easy-peasy japanesey
since do you guys collect anything for
example I collect pens I am curious
because I know you guys talked about
collecting being somewhat of a waste of
time during that best of the worst about
beanie babies III don't really currently
collect anything the closest I have to a
a collections more souvenirs sure is
whenever I go to a new ballpark I'll buy
that team's hat except for the Cubs they
can go fuck themselves did not buy a
hand and ring me feel good
you collect fish rich that's not a
collection that's pets yeah you did
general that's not included with four
things chit chit chit chit
gun
get it there we go there we go there we
go yeah I I owed Karen's dad
so me and Karen we took him to Wrigley
Field this comes from yeah and I
actually sat near the infamous seat
there
the infamous infamous seats right all
right we get to the ballpark yeah and
there's people in our seats oh okay
there's people in our seats I asked them
you know I said that all these we're
excuse me we're sitting here we cover
seats they wouldn't get out of our seats
so I had to get an usher usher comes out
and they move them and apparently the
reason that we're sitting in our seats
and not their own is they had the
infamous seat there is there I I'm so
excited learn what the infamous there is
a two-foot-wide column there was a chair
that they sell tickets for directly
behind this two-foot concrete column I
bet they're really cheap tickets I don't
think they are you think they're just
regular regular fucking price you
literally I examined the seat yes that
was I was flabbergasted you cannot see
shit all you see is the concrete column
and like and maybe 10% of the outfield
oh my god and then they charge money for
this that's beautiful that's beautiful
me that's great I love it obstructed
view really extremely obstructed view
seats yes yeah what do they say to you
when when they refuse didn't move didn't
do anything they were hoping that riches
politeness would you say go well I guess
we'll find another seat too but not yeah
so I I had to get an usher and they they
they ushered them back to hell but
that's not my fucking fault yeah riches
that Wrigley yes that's Wrigley Field
that sells a seat that's directly behind
a two-foot concrete pillar class I think
it's the same area of the ballpark where
they literally have a net under the
ceiling encase the concrete from the
upper deck crumbles it's a fucking dump
it's just so Wrigley Field is a fucking
dump and they need to tear it down and
build a new fucking ballpark but they
said they sold seats by three old
historic Wrigley futures and it's it's a
fucking death trap that's going to kill
somebody someday oh wait I think I have
things that might be it I don't know the
dude is I thought it was concrete and
the seat was like it was literally
directly behind that pole it was
literally there was no way you were
seeing the game unless you were doing
this I love it I love it
so it might have been similar but not
that exact spot all right there we go
now I can use my Kirk hammer
all right oh yeah
Kirk hammer should have a flat screen on
it hello son you just watch the fucking
game at home on a TV it shouldn't they
should not have a seat there why do I
dislike the Cubs why shouldn't I but
look you know nobody in Chicago likes
both the Sox and the Cubs you like one
or the other and the Cubs represent the
the north side of the richer side of
town rooting for the Cubs is a lot like
it's a lot like rooting for the preppies
in the college movie it is it's like
rooting for the prairies in that your
baseball politics fascinates me Wrigley
Prep we're a mega house Omega house I
love it maybe don't we're Delta Delta
Delta Delta Cubs yeah Delta Delta Cubs
great
Oh awesome
all right let's see what this thing can
do
burning for the Sox is rooting for a
history of cheating that that one time
once yeah here's here's here's the
difference between a light Sox fan
becomes for me okay yeah are you are you
familiar with the Black Sox scandal the
Black Sox Black Sox scandal no like
nineteen was at nineteen was in 1912 or
earlier earlier 1900s okay the White Sox
team weren't being paid very much by the
owner and so what what some of the
players did yeah was they conspired with
gamblers to throw the World Series
really yes it's a it's a this big thing
that happened it's the reason baseball
has a commissioner now said needed
somebody to get tough on baseball all
right all right I'm down fans it's just
it's part of history nobody says
anything about a curse it's just this
thing it's this interesting thing that
happened yeah the Cubs somebody didn't
let a goat in to Wrigley Field oh it's
the curse
I hate Cubs culture the goat and the
curse makes me sick the curse is over
that's right now your team has no
identity winning in the World Series was
the worst thing the Cubs could have done
you think it was better for their
branding they had an identity based
around being losers I did not just
another team in the pack shit all the
Cubs gonna do it honest about a hundred
years and that was their brand their
world that unity though yeah two years
ago and now they're just another team
baseball is so fucking weird the fact
that the fact that you're like
you'reyou're rooting for them to be
losers is realer than their hate
oh sure sure the Cubs just pissed away
their cultural relevance so for one
night of debauchery and I don't I don't
know that it was worth it
I don't think winning hurt the Red Sox
yeah but I don't I don't think the Red
Sox base their identity off of being
losers the Red Sox went fuck it we gotta
win one of these days right
comes like next year the curse the
lovable losers we got the curse yeah and
now that's all gone and they have
nothing it's fine oh yeah yeah the White
Sox once put in a little person as a
batter you know why why instant walk
like the strike zone on a midget is like
an inch big really yes I think they've
said putting rules against being able to
do this fucking baseball this is the
weirdest fucking sport this is what you
people follow a little person and then
see what the fuck happens fine
thank you
I prefer camera talk to sport stuff like
I don't have much camera talk for you
what I can tell you is I was a big dummy
and the the camera we use here is the is
the Panasonic gh2 that's the one where
you see us on right now and I have a
nice really good low-light wide-angle
lens that we use here so we can keep the
lights kind of dim for us but you guys
can still see us and I brought the lens
home so I could practice with my new
camera but then I left the camera here
so I don't Crystal Palace's yeah
baseball fans are weird jack says as he
fists a giant pig I don't disagree with
you and I guess I could go into lengths
on the benefits of fisting a pig yeah
yeah that's fair that's fair
that also doesn't necessarily make
baseball fans any less weird
clavier david says have either of you
played barony it's a roguelike you might
enjoy
maybe barony never even heard of it
honestly yep I agree I've never heard of
it
rewind shaq says if you guys played
axiom verge it's a 2d Metroid remake
with some cool weapons and graphics
streamed it are you guys reviewing into
the breach it doesn't seem very
streamable happy Sunday
you France I think you could make like
into the breach would make a perfect
like if we just had other shit to talk
about because you know there's not a ton
you know its turn-based its I mean I
don't have much to say about it that's
the problem with reviewing I'm not even
really playing it all that much honestly
so and they don't hate it it's good yeah
I know but I think that like there's
just not a ton to talk about which is
why you probably won't see us do like a
full episode on it other other games I
could be playing have out competed it
for my attention yeah yeah
hello
okay the big in with spiders got your
fist said I would tip more often but I
leave in a subway tunnel and I make 30
cents a decade my tunnel friends and I
gather around my tangerine I book
stealing Wi-Fi off passing trains to
watch it takes weeks okay well we
appreciate you know the little tip you
can give us we really do helps keep the
show moving what you finally made it to
the church that's right I need to get
here now I can go back and talk to that
lady who's like do you know a safe place
so I can talk to her to get her here I
remember it's all coming back to me now
actually I usually do the blood borne
the blood starved Beast did you the
Blood star Beast and I missed it that
can't be
but before before this area I usually do
the blood to starve Beast he's not yeah
he's yeah you can do next oh wait no
never right now you're in a different
area and I thought never mind never mind
I thought your see I haven't been paying
too much attention
yeah I thought you were at that church
when you fight another right I thought I
thought that's the church you're a Dodge
I take it all back duty I take it all
back cuz you said this is where she is
in the girl like I thought you're
talking about the nun the nun wolf no oh
uh lady I don't remember you or
something that's it I think
no I was there was a lady at a door
earlier who was like do you know of any
safe place and I couldn't I didn't have
any place to tell her mm-hm but now I
have the place to tell her
check fox says dear john and ricky who
is your favorite actor and why is it
jeffrey Culver best regards Chuck Fox I
don't I don't I don't know that I have a
favorite actor there are a bunch of
actors done work I've liked yeah no one
like that's my guy
the real Vance is rich I know you like
the dollars trilogy so I'd like to
recommend Once Upon a Time in the West
directed by Leone starring Charles
Bronson and Henry Fonda I just saw it
and it's great that's what I should see
once upon a time the West yeah I'm
surprised you happen I am too I am too
well there you go directed by Sierra
Leone who did the dollars trilogy yeah I
think he wanted Clint Eastwood do Once
Upon a Time in the West and and Clint
Eastwood was just like a horrible
asshole tool I don't think Clint
Eastwood like Sierra Leone really yeah
yeah I thought I got the workshop tool
oh I got this one
I
Sergio Leone yeah sorry it's Sergio
Sergio okay great great
we're doing great everything's great you
guys looking forward to far cry 5 you
can play the entire game and co-op you
guys interested in it I almost never
play co-op no I'm gonna want to play the
game and some jackass is gonna be mad at
me because I'm not skipping every
cutscene yeah fuck it and you know I
don't know if I've played any of the Far
Cry games I said I saw you play the
retro-looking one blood dragons great
and I've never played into parkour games
I don't plan on playing the new one
aren't they aren't the farc our games
more like tech demos for the crisis
engine they were I don't know that's
really the case now Oh first one
certainly was and then the crater that
went on to make crisis which was
infamously hard to run because the
requirements were so high yeah yeah
oh no I didn't want to go here I wanted
to where do I want to go I want to go
talk to that biddy how do I talk to that
biddy quickly I guess this is a good
place to go as any I'm gonna go talk to
that Biddy and then I want to go talk to
the other Biddy because I found the red
gem thing
I know far crys is like coming out soon
ish but like there there's just fuckin
everything coming out in May I don't
know what it is about May but every game
in the history of games is coming out in
May cuz you get a few months after
December because you don't want to
compete with Call of Duty I suppose
impact autumn had an obvious impact in
Eastwood's own directed films though
assuming you're talking about Sergio
Leone well that doesn't mean he liked
him personally I didn't remember some
kind of behind the scenes footage once I
saw once they were talking about
Eastwood being asked to be in Once Upon
a Time in the West and it sounded like
Eastwood was just kind of an asshole
about it maybe I'm misremembering things
I don't want to say that like it's a
fact oh no listen start talking shit
about Clint Eastwood took my ass
he's like dust he's more dust than
megan's he could still kick my ass
shit shit you're not dead you're not
dead why are you not dead you just shoot
him he'll die I don't have any bullets I
thought he was dead so I stopped you
know like trying to attack him yeah and
as it turns out he was very much not
that Clint Eastwood is still making
movies how crazy is that that I think
his mother lived to be like a hundred so
he's got genes she's got the genes man
jarick when you run out of bullets press
up the sacrifice blood for five more
bullets oh that's right thing you well
to be fair Jack was almost dead and if
he did that he would have just died no
but I actually I did forget about that I
appreciate the reminder how you got the
big you got the big him heavy blunt
weapon I I was more concerned with
dodging at that all right I'm not I'm
not very confident with the heavy blood
weapon yet but it is cool
big-ass hammer okay got some blood baths
let's go fist a pig real quick why not
might as well farm while we're here then
we're gonna return the red jewel and
then we're gonna talk to the lady about
where to go someplace safe and then
we're gonna keep moving we're gonna keep
moving keep on keepin on me
shit shit angry pig angry pig angry pig
not massage hi guys
I just finished doing 2016 yeah it's the
most fun I've had to start to finish in
the game in a long while
any recommendations for Xbox that would
give me a similar fix less cutscenes the
better I don't I don't have the Xbox one
I can't I can't help you there yeah I'm
not sure something Xbox specifically not
sure what's on the Xbox I I don't know
that there's much like doom and there
should be I you know I I had a decently
fun time with titanfall to the
single-player campaign yeah we streamed
it wasn't really like doom no no no no
but it was fun there were fun moments I
know I'm selling it really hard but uh
it's just that was just something I
could think of off the top of my head
that might be on the Xbox one it was fun
anything else like a tune there's not a
whole lot like doom that's kind of what
makes doom so special check what do you
have going on here what's what's going
on in the game what are we doing
it's like what's our goal I'm looking
for an end point
okay so currently I am I am attempting
to return or I'm attempting to do some
storyline stuff right are we are we
nearer and exciting boss battle
uh maybe okay okay maybe we could get to
an exciting boss but we can go a little
bit late I don't care I don't care that
much yeah a little bit I know you have
fun where do I need to go oh yeah this
way yeah we can get we can get someplace
fun absolutely
how late are we
what time is 9:30 real yeah time flies
when your bro I know I know
captain president says rich and Jack
have you guys considered doing a version
of review for video games no as in a
retrospective or is that a flawed
concept I think if we did we just do it
on like kind of we did what we did with
the sonic video or any other older
videos a few of those not too many you
know we already know with Zelda 2 we did
sonic if we feel like talking about an
older game
I know we've we've started a few
episodes with older games and they
didn't really turn out but you know I
died happens it's blood-borne
I know but now I need to go all the way
fucking back over there you got it you
got to do some bullet farming yes that
is very true and now you have to go way
the fuck back over here because I don't
think I can leave again I don't think I
can go back to the the hunters dream or
else I lose all of my echoes so I got I
got some work in front of me but that's
fine I'll just use blood bullets until I
get to where I need to be mm-hmm cuz I
totally forgot that I have blood bullets
bullet firming worst thing about this
game I guess I just don't use as many
it's it's really helpful man early on I
think I'm mostly doing the two-handed
version of the ax so I end up getting
like a bullet so close early on sure and
at the point where I start using my gun
more I've just got I just got a shitload
saved up ah fuck everything I we're just
going we're just moving forward and you
know what fuck the story stuff we're
just going forward moving forward
fuck it all what's the story stuff
you're trying to do Oh leave the red jet
the red necklace and telling the lady
you could do that just run patient fuck
it fuck it trap nope try and it'll work
done we're moving forward Jack you don't
wanna miss out on this stuff because I'm
assuming you're going to keep playing
this after the street I might so don't
miss out on the shit I have to go back
to this shit I'll do it later
hammer votes
all right we can't see him yet you
should be more insight you fuck I kind
of love the big hammer kind of love it
that hammer takes all day to swing but
wow yeah you see that and crushing it
what they're doing where is it going
was it stronger than Ludwig's holy blade
from just peered straight one-hit damage
Oh watch me notnot at a similar level of
course oh sure
these guys are one of the ones that
scare me or the bag men oh yeah I don't
think we have a bagman yet no there
might be one around the one now wait you
might come later let's see no there's
just clothes there now I think right
yeah there's crows okay he doesn't
appear until you fight the blood starve
Beast yeah I thought so I thought so
fucking crows Kirk hammer only requires
50 strength for max potential whereas
Ludwig's requires 50 strength and skill
to max out its damage oh ok yeah but
what's the max damage difference I don't
know
somebody's saying that Lou Biggs is
stronger okay but it's harder to get to
that point yeah this is this is the pre
Ludwig's holy Braille blade guess so
much infinity Wars gonna pull opening
weekend uh it might be the first movie
to crack two hundred million is that is
that feasible with the amount of
possible theater or the amount of open
screens is that is that even conceivable
you know you have to at this point you
have to say yes because like aren't
other the other movies are already like
pulling their shit several of crack Oh
220 is the current for opening weekend
nevermind then it's definitely gonna
crack that like other movies are jumping
ship because they are afraid
Oh fuckin hammer that's fuckin hammer
right here the shield
adorable
what what made 240 million opening
weekend and he talkin domestic or world
I would I would say domestic because
it's usually that's usually what people
are yeah
Star Wars The Force awakens was sent and
sent opening weekend 247 huh sure sure
sure believe that Jesus Christ yeah
amen but with especially with the
retention that Black Panther is getting
infinity war is is looking like it's
gonna do pretty dang well yep
the finiti war is going to do it and if
people love Star Wars what you infinity
war is infinity war it's well well
they're going to keep making Marvel
movies after that I think the view of a
lot of people is that this is the climax
of ten years of storytelling it's it's
going to do well but it still doesn't
say Star Wars on it
that's very true yes I feel with it if
they just change the name to Star Wars
infinity War part 1 400 million
I find it amusing that we live in a time
line play Black Panther movie makes
double the money of a Justice League
movie no have you seen each movie man
can gamify G knows what he's doing and
and DC clearly do not and as it turns
out Zack Snyder is kind of shit at
making movies it's it it's just I think
it's just how DC has mismanaged their
franchise to this point is the reason
sure it's just like didn't do better and
it's like I understand like the point of
that which is like if you're looking at
name recognition alone a movie starring
Batman Superman Wonder Woman the flash
does shit at this point if I read
correctly Black Panther has grossed more
than Batman V Superman and Justice
League combined right over so well
that's a fine movie Ravens I haven't
seen it I'll probably see it when I go
to watch Thor 3 and whatever before I'm
pretty warped yeah but I mean the
trailer didn't look jaw-droppingly
amazing the trailer will didn't hype me
up sure sure and I thought he was one of
the lamer characters and Civil War you
know it's it's a fine movie and also I
think it was speaking to an audience
that in general feels like they're
underrepresented in major blockbusters
and so there was there was a whole
untapped audience that usually doesn't
go out to see movies and they felt like
they should this time there you go
like they're you know the the the the
black audience felt like this was an
important movie for them and they came
out for it and also it's a fine movie
and at this point what we're seeing with
the Marvel Universe I know like the
general joke is that all the Marvel
movies are the same but guess what
that's really working in Marvel movies
favored because you know you're gonna at
least get a competent fucking movie
unlike a Monsur Justice League
fuck run away run away can I not get on
out stagger him the other side that is
why would I want to see the same movie
over and over again
well it's irrelevant what you want if
most people will yeah people people have
said like they they are willing to put
up with kind of see me
storytelling if it gets them a competent
fucking movie I don't know that's
necessarily true
what these movies all feel the same well
they have they have a similar tone
looking Guardians yeah guardians yeah
look at various I'm looking at guardians
and you know what it fits in the
universe that's not gonna fuck you I'm
not saying that's a negative thing I'm
saying it fits in the universe
fuck you you come come down the stairs I
like you I don't like you spider-man
homecoming did not feel like Thor no but
they fit in the same universe okay they
have they have a similar quality in tone
and that's not a negative thing that is
not a negative thing at all man
right right right
walking in there
but you know the the other part of that
is is finally you know Marvel Marvel is
figuring out what Tyler Perry figured
out a long time ago which is people like
to see representations of themselves in
the movies which is
and that's why like if you've noticed
all of the advertisement for infinity
war like all the sudden fucking
everybody from Black Panther is in those
advertisements and they're like we know
there's a chunk of the movie that takes
place in Wakanda anyway so it was all
part of the plan but all of a sudden
fucking too childless sisters on the
cover of Entertainment Weekly because
people fucking love that movie which is
great like it's in the I wouldn't put it
anywhere in my in my top Marvel movies
just because you know for me the story
we've talked about this before it just
didn't I don't care about who the king
of Wakanda is that's not something that
speaks to me hmm when you saw Star Wars
did you care about who the Empire was
Star Wars Star Wars is about Luke not
like the story of Darth Vader like
overtaking the Emperor no I didn't care
about that that was were the prequels I
want I want something simple I want I
want the the kid the kid who does good
against the big meanie
that's what you're saying is you want
the same thing every time what the exact
every damn time same thing fuck you dick
with yech
so how much do you think you're gonna
need the train to get through
blood-borne without taking a hit that's
the goal right you told me that was your
your goal we're gonna we're gonna stream
this game and see you get through it
without a hint yes it's gonna take me
approximately three years to get there
finger my finger I was trying to quietly
move my finger towards the button sure
but I couldn't I couldn't get there
smoothly or quickly enough and by the
time my finger got on the end button
yeah it was it was too late the joke was
over Joao pessoa I was trying to cuz I I
could nail ya button and so I was trying
to draw out time I appreciate I
appreciate it and you didn't hit the
button that's good a place as any
that's as good a place as any my friend
alright let's get over here let's get
over to it's watcher oh look I'm not
playing IIIi did not play it tonight but
I love blood-borne blood-borne is great
blood-borne is fucking great I was we
talked about it the other day like me
wanting to get back into blood-borne and
I didn't know if we had a plan tonight
so I was like I'll just bring my ps4
yeah and if oh if I'm so lucky I'll play
blood-borne and here we are
alright so any work today
things bleep in that maybe you got all
I'm Karla I'm caught up how about that
apples
alright well tonight then we're all done
now is the point in the evening in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Tiberius Kirk who has
subscribed to us for 30 fucking months
in a row and Tiberius says I hate the
water
I hate being wet and I hate daylight
savings time okay that's a take on me
hating the snow yeah I'm not sure I'm
not sure okay that's fair you know
daylight saving time he always fucks me
up but I just I just want I just want
them to make Davey say a lot of times I
was a little bit later I like that yeah
yeah I was trying to explain to my
children why we do daylight say there's
no good reason and that was basically
there was like oh you know farmers back
in the day and people didn't have lights
and that my kids go yeah but we have
lights now and I was like right and so
they're like so why do we keep doing it
and and I said well I don't know cuz
it's what we do I guess like how do you
explain why we keep doing it like yeah
because we do but whatever war on for 18
months arose yeah doomed to grind
captain swc for 15 months in a row multi
1989 up Sykes who's Pike's
who's Pike's yeah whose planks are not
uh spikes or maybe uh spikes you said up
Sykes
oh okay so I'll take just like stood
I'll take uh spikes Skippy Brown I am a
robot
all 101 oh one says be Zoe's money
successfully transferred to hack frauds
thanks B Zoe's four B's owes money
successfully transferred to frauds
you Fresno Bob for 18 months in a row
who says I'm giving you my free prime
sub which causes me nothing
I demand recognition for this you
absolutely do because you remembered
that you have to manually Risa Busic
you're free twitch prime kitchen fucking
whore oh I'm gonna grease it up every my
bum it's free for you but money for us
we appreciate it
daddy 24 Larry Kenobi 1138 429 fucking
months in a row
who says please say something funny for
me here I'm a lot of ideas Larry Kenobi
says what okay what kind of animal oh
it's not a joke yeah let me see if I can
remember how this goes
what has four letters sometimes as nine
and never has five what has four letters
said again what has four letters
sometimes has nine and never has five
just making me think about that like you
know what what starts his day on four
legs has two legs in the middle of the
day in three legs it's like what's man
I'm trying to what what's the what's the
what
that wasn't a riddle what do you mean
that wasn't a riddle what it I don't get
it what has four letters huh sometimes
is nine and never has five that's not a riddle
